manual/extensions/imgui/imguizmo.md, before:

# ImGuizmo
---

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo.png)

This extension also allow you to use the ImGuizmo library, this is a collection of 3D widgets on top o ImGUI library, this project and source code is available on github at: https://github.com/CedricGuillemet/ImGuizmo.

> [!NOTE]
> The C# wrapper is generated on top of a c-api wrapper version of this library, so some samples may not work directly but all the features are supported.

## Features

This library comes with many widget in 3D useful to create an editor tool, here you have more info about the 

## ImViewGizmo widget

This widget display a 3D cube in a corner of the screen that represent the view transformation, it is used to select between different camera views preset like top, left, right and bottom.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_ImViewGizmo.gif)

## ImGuizmo widget

This widget allow you to draw 3D helpers useful to move, scale and transform 3D geometry, this widgets compute the result 4x4 Matrix to make it easy to apply it to the geometry.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_1.gif)
![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_2.gif)
![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_3.gif)

## ImSequencer widget

A WIP little sequencer used to edit frame start/end for different events in a timeline.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_ImSequencer.png)

## Graph editor widget

This widget is useful to create a custom graph editor based on nodes and links between them. It is possible to change how nodes are rendered to customize them.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_GraphEditor.jpg)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/extensions/imgui/imguizmo.md, after:

# ImGuizmo
---

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo.png)

This extension also allows you to use the ImGuizmo library, which is a collection of 3D widgets built on top of the ImGUI library. The project and source code are available on GitHub at: https://github.com/CedricGuillemet/ImGuizmo.

> [!NOTE]
> The C# wrapper is generated on top of a C-API wrapper version of this library. As a result, some samples may not work directly, but all features are supported.

## Features

This library comes with many widgets in 3D that are useful for creating editor tools. Here you have more information about them:

## ImViewGizmo Widget

This widget displays a 3D cube in a corner of the screen that represents the view transformation. It is used to select between different camera view presets like top, left, right, and bottom.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_ImViewGizmo.gif)

## ImGuizmo Widget

This widget allows you to draw 3D helpers that are useful for moving, scaling, and transforming 3D geometry. These widgets compute the resulting 4x4 Matrix, making it easy to apply it to the geometry.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_1.gif)
![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_2.gif)
![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_3.gif)

## ImSequencer Widget

A work-in-progress little sequencer used to edit frame start/end for different events in a timeline.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_ImSequencer.png)

## Graph Editor Widget

This widget is useful for creating a custom graph editor based on nodes and links between them. It is possible to change how nodes are rendered to customize them.

![ImGuizmo](images/ImGuizmo_GraphEditor.jpg)
