manual/input/mouse.md, before:

# Mouse

**Mouse** is the most common input device on desktop platforms. You can access the mouse state by using the `MouseDispatcher`.

## MouseDispatcher

The `MouseDispatcher` is a class used to track mouse button events. It inherits from [`PointerDispatcher`](touch.md) so it can be used to produce touch events using the mouse.

```csharp
public abstract class MouseDispatcher : PointerDispatcher
{
    public MouseButtons State { get; }
    public Point ScrollDelta { get; }
    public Point PositionDelta { get; }
    public Point Position { get; }
    public abstract CursorTypes CursorType { get; }
    public bool IsMouseOver { get; }

    public event EventHandler<MouseButtonEventArgs> MouseButtonUp;
    public event EventHandler<MouseButtonEventArgs> MouseButtonDown;
    public event EventHandler<MouseEventArgs> MouseLeave;
    public event EventHandler<MouseEventArgs> MouseEnter;
    public event EventHandler<MouseEventArgs> MouseMove;
    public event EventHandler<MouseScrollEventArgs> MouseScroll;

    public bool IsButtonDown(MouseButtons button);
    public ButtonState ReadButtonState(MouseButtons button);
    public bool TrySetCursorPosition(Point position);
    public abstract bool TrySetCursorType(CursorTypes cursorType);
}
```

### Properties

It gives you the following properties:

| Properties | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **State** | Gets a flag enum that indicates which mouse buttons are pressed at the current frame.|
| **Position** | Gets the mouse absolute screen position at the current frame. |
| **PositionDelta** | property gets the mouse delta position since the last frame. In other words, it describes how much the mouse has. | 
| **ScrollDelta** | Gets the mouse scroll increment since the last frame. <ul><li>The value **X** indicates a horizontal scroll increment. The value is positive if the mouse wheel is rotated to the right or negative if the mouse wheel is rotated to the left.</li><li>The value **Y** indicates a vertical scroll increment. The value is positive if the mouse wheel is rotated in an upward direction (away from the user) or negative if the mouse wheel is rotated in a downward direction (toward the user).</li></ul>|
| **CursorType** |  property gets the mouse active cursor type. |
| **IsMouseOver** | Indicates if the mouse is over the `Surface`. |

### Events

You can be subscribed to events to ve notified when mouse state change:

| Events | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  **MouseMove** and **MouseScroll** | This events track changes in mouse position and scroll. |
| **MouseButtonDown**  and **MouseButtonUp** | This events are available to track mouse pressed buttons but it is recommended to use `IsButtonDown` and `ReadButtonState` methods: <ul><li>**IsButtonDown**: Gets a value indicating whether the current state of a mouse button is [Pressing](button_states.md) or [Pressed](button_states.md).</li><li>**ReadButtonState:** Gets the current [state](button_states.md) of a mouse button.</li></ul> |
| **MouseLeave** and **MouseEnter** | They indicate if the mouse enter or leave the `Surface`, so, they track changes in the `IsMouseOver` property. |

### Useful Methods

| Events | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **TrySetCursorPosition** | Try to update the cursor position. When this method is supported by the patform, this method will return *true*. |
| **TrySetCursorType** | Try to update the cursor type. When this method is supported by the patform, this method will return *true*. |

### Using MouseDispatcher

The MouseDispatcher can be found within the `Display` or `Surface` objects. The following sample code can be used to access the mouse dispatcher from a Component or Service.

```csharp
[BindService]
protected GraphicsPresenter graphicsPresenter;

protected override void Update(TimeSpan time)
{
    MouseDispatcher mouseDispatcher = this.graphicsPresenter.FocusedDisplay?.MouseDispatcher;

    if (mouseDispatcher?.ReadButtonState(MouseButtons.Left) == ButtonState.Pressing)
    {
        // Do something
    }
}
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/input/mouse.md, after:

# Mouse

The **Mouse** is the most common input device on desktop platforms. You can access the mouse state by using the `MouseDispatcher`.

## MouseDispatcher

The `MouseDispatcher` is a class used to track mouse button events. It inherits from [`PointerDispatcher`](touch.md), so it can be used to produce touch events using the mouse.

```csharp
public abstract class MouseDispatcher : PointerDispatcher
{
    public MouseButtons State { get; }
    public Point ScrollDelta { get; }
    public Point PositionDelta { get; }
    public Point Position { get; }
    public abstract CursorTypes CursorType { get; }
    public bool IsMouseOver { get; }

    public event EventHandler<MouseButtonEventArgs> MouseButtonUp;
    public event EventHandler<MouseButtonEventArgs> MouseButtonDown;
    public event EventHandler<MouseEventArgs> MouseLeave;
    public event EventHandler<MouseEventArgs> MouseEnter;
    public event EventHandler<MouseEventArgs> MouseMove;
    public event EventHandler<MouseScrollEventArgs> MouseScroll;

    public bool IsButtonDown(MouseButtons button);
    public ButtonState ReadButtonState(MouseButtons button);
    public bool TrySetCursorPosition(Point position);
    public abstract bool TrySetCursorType(CursorTypes cursorType);
}
```

### Properties

It provides you with the following properties:

| Properties | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **State** | Gets a flag enum that indicates which mouse buttons are pressed at the current frame.|
| **Position** | Gets the mouse's absolute screen position at the current frame. |
| **PositionDelta** | Gets the mouse's delta position since the last frame. In other words, it describes how much the mouse has moved. | 
| **ScrollDelta** | Gets the mouse's scroll increment since the last frame. <ul><li>The value **X** indicates a horizontal scroll increment. The value is positive if the mouse wheel is rotated to the right and negative if the mouse wheel is rotated to the left.</li><li>The value **Y** indicates a vertical scroll increment. The value is positive if the mouse wheel is rotated in an upward direction (away from the user) and negative if the mouse wheel is rotated in a downward direction (toward the user).</li></ul> |
| **CursorType** | Gets the mouse's active cursor type. |
| **IsMouseOver** | Indicates if the mouse is over the `Surface`. |

### Events

You can subscribe to events to be notified when the mouse state changes:

| Events | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **MouseMove** and **MouseScroll** | These events track changes in mouse position and scroll. |
| **MouseButtonDown** and **MouseButtonUp** | These events track mouse button presses, but it is recommended to use the `IsButtonDown` and `ReadButtonState` methods: <ul><li>**IsButtonDown**: Gets a value indicating whether the current state of a mouse button is [Pressing](button_states.md) or [Pressed](button_states.md).</li><li>**ReadButtonState**: Gets the current [state](button_states.md) of a mouse button.</li></ul> |
| **MouseLeave** and **MouseEnter** | These events indicate if the mouse has entered or left the `Surface`, thereby tracking changes in the `IsMouseOver` property. |

### Useful Methods

| Methods | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **TrySetCursorPosition** | Attempts to update the cursor position. When this method is supported by the platform, it will return *true*. |
| **TrySetCursorType** | Attempts to update the cursor type. When this method is supported by the platform, it will return *true*. |

### Using MouseDispatcher

The `MouseDispatcher` can be found within the `Display` or `Surface` objects. The following sample code can be used to access the mouse dispatcher from a Component or Service.

```csharp
[BindService]
protected GraphicsPresenter graphicsPresenter;

protected override void Update(TimeSpan time)
{
    MouseDispatcher mouseDispatcher = this.graphicsPresenter.FocusedDisplay?.MouseDispatcher;

    if (mouseDispatcher?.ReadButtonState(MouseButtons.Left) == ButtonState.Pressing)
    {
        // Do something
    }
}
```
