manual/graphics/materials/material_decorators.md, before:

# Material Decorators

**Material Decorator** is a C# class that simplify the use of custom materials to the users. It allows to define how the effect resource layout elements are shown in the [Material Editor](material_editor.md). To generate material decorator of your effects you need to use the [Effect Editor](../effects/effect_editor.md).

## Generate Material Decorator

From the [Effect Editor](../effects/effect_editor.md) toolbox push the ![Generate Material Decorator button](images/MaterialDecoratorIcon.jpg) button to generate the Material decorator.

![Generate Material Decorator](images/GenerateMaterialDecorator.jpg)

A new c# class will be created in your C# solution that you will see from **Visual Studio**

![Material Decorator In Visual Studio](images/MaterialDecoratorInVS.jpg)

## Example

Parting from the following effect resource layout block (This is the section marked in the effect code with the `[Begin_ResourceLayout]` and `[End_ResourceLayout]` tags):

```csharp
[Begin_ResourceLayout]

    cbuffer PerDrawCall : register(b0)
    {
        float4x4 WorldViewProj : packoffset(c0);    [WorldViewProjection]
    };

    cbuffer Parameters : register(b1)
    {
        float3 Color : packoffset(c0);   [Default(0.3, 0.3, 1.0)]
    };

[End_ResourceLayout]
```

The generated Material Decorator will be the following:

```csharp
//------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// <auto-generated>
//     This code was generated by a tool.
//
//     Changes to this file may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if
//     the code is regenerated.
// </auto-generated>
//------------------------------------------------------------------------------

namespace DocumentationWorkBench.Effects
{
    using Evergine.Common.Graphics;
    using Evergine.Framework.Graphics;
    using Evergine.Framework.Graphics.Effects;
    using Evergine.Mathematics;
    
    
    [Evergine.Framework.Graphics.MaterialDecoratorAttribute("67d3f67f-e1f0-4075-894d-5a58d3697fb6")]
    public partial class MyGraphicEffect : Evergine.Framework.Graphics.MaterialDecorator
    {        
        public MyGraphicEffect(Evergine.Framework.Graphics.Effects.Effect effect) : base(new Material(effect))
        {}
        
        public MyGraphicEffect(Evergine.Framework.Graphics.Material material) 
        : base(material)
        {}
        
        public Evergine.Mathematics.Matrix4x4 PerDrawCall_WorldViewProj
        {
            get { return this.material.CBuffers[0].GetBufferData<Evergine.Mathematics.Matrix4x4>(0);}
            set { this.material.CBuffers[0].SetBufferData(value, 0); }
        }
        
        public Evergine.Mathematics.Vector3 Parameters_Color
        {
            get { return this.material.CBuffers[1].GetBufferData<Evergine.Mathematics.Vector3>(0); }
            set { this.material.CBuffers[1].SetBufferData(value, 0); }
        }
    }
}
```

The above Material decorator example shows how the effect resource layout is translated to get/set class properties to make easier use of the effect from code.

Now when you open a material asset from [Material Editor](material_editor.md) and the material uses _MyGraphicEffect_ its properties as:

![Material properties](images/defaultMaterialDecorator.jpg)

## Customize Material Decorators

Editing the material decorator c# class you can modify how the properties are shown in the [Material Editor](material_editor.md). For example, the Color property appears as Vector3 property because this is the type using in the HLSL effect code. You can change it to use a Color picker to configure this parameter with the following code change:

```csharp
public Evergine.Common.Graphics.Color Parameters_Color
{
    get
    {
        Vector3 v = this.material.CBuffers[1].GetBufferData<Vector3>(0);
        return Color.FromVector3(ref v);
    }
    set
    {
        this.material.CBuffers[1].SetBufferData(value.ToVector3(), 0);
    }
}
```

After this change, if you reload the project in the Evergine Studio, the Material Editor shows its color property as:
![Custom Material Decorator](images/customMaterialDecorator.jpg)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/materials/material_decorators.md, after:

# Material Decorators

**Material Decorator** is a C# class that simplifies the use of custom materials for users. It allows defining how the effect resource layout elements are shown in the [Material Editor](material_editor.md). To generate a material decorator for your effects, you need to use the [Effect Editor](../effects/effect_editor.md).

## Generate Material Decorator

From the [Effect Editor](../effects/effect_editor.md) toolbox, push the ![Generate Material Decorator button](images/MaterialDecoratorIcon.jpg) button to generate the Material Decorator.

![Generate Material Decorator](images/GenerateMaterialDecorator.jpg)

A new C# class will be created in your C# solution, which you will see in **Visual Studio**.

![Material Decorator In Visual Studio](images/MaterialDecoratorInVS.jpg)

## Example

Starting from the following effect resource layout block (This is the section marked in the effect code with the `[Begin_ResourceLayout]` and `[End_ResourceLayout]` tags):

```csharp
[Begin_ResourceLayout]

    cbuffer PerDrawCall : register(b0)
    {
        float4x4 WorldViewProj : packoffset(c0);    [WorldViewProjection]
    };

    cbuffer Parameters : register(b1)
    {
        float3 Color : packoffset(c0);   [Default(0.3, 0.3, 1.0)]
    };

[End_ResourceLayout]
```

The generated Material Decorator will be as follows:

```csharp
//------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// <auto-generated>
//     This code was generated by a tool.
//
//     Changes to this file may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if
//     the code is regenerated.
// </auto-generated>
//------------------------------------------------------------------------------

namespace DocumentationWorkBench.Effects
{
    using Evergine.Common.Graphics;
    using Evergine.Framework.Graphics;
    using Evergine.Framework.Graphics.Effects;
    using Evergine.Mathematics;
    
    
    [Evergine.Framework.Graphics.MaterialDecoratorAttribute("67d3f67f-e1f0-4075-894d-5a58d3697fb6")]
    public partial class MyGraphicEffect : Evergine.Framework.Graphics.MaterialDecorator
    {        
        public MyGraphicEffect(Evergine.Framework.Graphics.Effects.Effect effect) : base(new Material(effect))
        {}
        
        public MyGraphicEffect(Evergine.Framework.Graphics.Material material) 
        : base(material)
        {}
        
        public Evergine.Mathematics.Matrix4x4 PerDrawCall_WorldViewProj
        {
            get { return this.material.CBuffers[0].GetBufferData<Evergine.Mathematics.Matrix4x4>(0);}
            set { this.material.CBuffers[0].SetBufferData(value, 0); }
        }
        
        public Evergine.Mathematics.Vector3 Parameters_Color
        {
            get { return this.material.CBuffers[1].GetBufferData<Evergine.Mathematics.Vector3>(0); }
            set { this.material.CBuffers[1].SetBufferData(value, 0); }
        }
    }
}
```

The above Material Decorator example shows how the effect resource layout is translated into get/set class properties to make it easier to use the effect from code.

Now, when you open a material asset from the [Material Editor](material_editor.md) and the material uses _MyGraphicEffect_, its properties will be shown as:

![Material properties](images/defaultMaterialDecorator.jpg)

## Customize Material Decorators

By editing the Material Decorator C# class, you can modify how the properties are shown in the [Material Editor](material_editor.md). For example, the Color property appears as a Vector3 property because this is the type used in the HLSL effect code. You can change it to use a Color picker to configure this parameter with the following code change:

```csharp
public Evergine.Common.Graphics.Color Parameters_Color
{
    get
    {
        Vector3 v = this.material.CBuffers[1].GetBufferData<Vector3>(0);
        return Color.FromVector3(ref v);
    }
    set
    {
        this.material.CBuffers[1].SetBufferData(value.ToVector3(), 0);
    }
}
```

After this change, if you reload the project in Evergine Studio, the Material Editor will show its color property as follows:
![Custom Material Decorator](images/customMaterialDecorator.jpg)
