manual/graphics/materials/material_editor.md, before:

# Material Editor
---
![Material Editor Interface](images/MaterialEditor.jpg)

**Material Editor** allows editing the material assets. Double click over a material asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of 3 main parts:

## **Viewport**

Shows the result of the current material configuration. The viewport has a toolbox on the top side that allows change the primitive shown or change the background color. The primitive displays in the viewport are lighting by two lights (front and back) that you can move using the mouse.

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| Left mouse button | To rotate the camera around the primitive. |
| Right mouse button | To rotate two lights around the primitive. |
| Mouse wheel | To make zoom in/out camera. |

## **Effect**

The properties of the material will be defined by the effect used. So first to edit or configure your material you need the select the effect that you want to use. The _Standard effect_ is the default effect used when you create a new material.

## **Properties**

The properties panel displays all effect properties or the [Material decorator](material_decorators.md) properties associated with the effect. You can configure your materials to change their properties and the result will be shown on the Viewport.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/materials/material_editor.md, after:

# Material Editor
---
![Material Editor Interface](images/MaterialEditor.jpg)

The **Material Editor** allows editing of material assets. Double-clicking on a material asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of three main parts:

## **Viewport**

The viewport shows the result of the current material configuration. It has a toolbox on the top side that allows you to change the primitive shown or change the background color. The primitive displayed in the viewport is lit by two lights (front and back) that you can move using the mouse.

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| Left mouse button | Rotate the camera around the primitive. |
| Right mouse button | Rotate the two lights around the primitive. |
| Mouse wheel | Zoom the camera in/out. |

## **Effect**

The properties of the material are defined by the effect used. So, first, to edit or configure your material, you need to select the effect that you want to use. The _Standard effect_ is the default effect used when you create a new material.

## **Properties**

The properties panel displays all the effect properties or the [Material decorator](material_decorators.md) properties associated with the effect. You can configure your materials to change their properties, and the result will be shown in the Viewport.
