manual/basics/bindings/bind_scenemanagers.md, before:

# Bind SceneManagers

Using **[BindSceneManager]** attribute allows the developer to stablish dependencies with a [SceneManager](../scenes/scenemanagers.md) registered in the Scene. 

```csharp
// Bind the RenderManager of the scene...
[BindSeneManager]
private RenderManager renderManager;
```

> [!NOTE]
> [BindSceneManager] can be used inside Components and SceneManagers. In other case the binding cannot be resolved

## [BindSceneManager] Properties
This attribute offers several ways to customize:

### isRequired (default `true`)

If the value is true the dependency is required to be resolved, in other case, the current Component won't be attached.

The isRequired value has the same functionality than [BindComponent] (see [Bind Components](bind_components.md for further details)).

For example, if this is all Services registered inside the Application Container:

```csharp
this.managers.AddManager(new EntityManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new AssetSceneManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new BehaviorManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new RenderManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new EnvironmentManager());
```

The following component will be attached because the `EnvironmentManager` has been registered:

```csharp
public class MyComponent : Component
{
    [BindSceneManager]
    private EnvironmentManager environmentManager;

    // ...
}
```

However, in that case, the dependency will fail because `PhyisicManager3D`  is not registered in the scene:

```csharp
public class MyComponent : Component
{
    [BindSceneManager]
    private PhyisicManager3D physicManager;

    // ...
}
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/basics/bindings/bind_scenemanagers.md, after:

# Bind SceneManagers

Using the **[BindSceneManager]** attribute allows the developer to establish dependencies with a [SceneManager](../scenes/scenemanagers.md) registered in the Scene.

```csharp
// Bind the RenderManager of the scene...
[BindSceneManager]
private RenderManager renderManager;
```

> [!NOTE]
> [BindSceneManager] can be used inside Components and SceneManagers. Otherwise, the binding cannot be resolved.

## [BindSceneManager] Properties
This attribute offers several ways to customize:

### isRequired (default `true`)

If the value is true, the dependency is required to be resolved; otherwise, the current Component won't be attached.

The isRequired value has the same functionality as [BindComponent] (see [Bind Components](bind_components.md) for further details).

For example, if these are all Services registered inside the Application Container:

```csharp
this.managers.AddManager(new EntityManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new AssetSceneManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new BehaviorManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new RenderManager());
this.managers.AddManager(new EnvironmentManager());
```

The following component will be attached because the `EnvironmentManager` has been registered:

```csharp
public class MyComponent : Component
{
    [BindSceneManager]
    private EnvironmentManager environmentManager;

    // ...
}
```

However, in this case, the dependency will fail because `PhysicManager3D` is not registered in the scene:

```csharp
public class MyComponent : Component
{
    [BindSceneManager]
    private PhysicManager3D physicManager;

    // ...
}
```
