manual/basics/bindings/bind_entities.md, before:

# Bind Entities

Using **[BindEntity]** attribute allows your components to stablish dependencies with [Entities](../component_arch/entities/index.md) in your scene.

The search is made using the Entity.Tag propert:

```csharp
// Binding with the first Entity in the Scene tagged with "Player"
[BindEntity(tag: "Player")]
private Entity player;

// Search all Entities with "Item" tag...
[BindComponent(tag: "Item")]
private List<Entity> itemList;
```

> [!NOTE]
> [BindEntity] can only be used inside Components. In other case the binding cannot be resolved

## [BindEntity] Properties
This attribute offers several ways to customize:

### source (default `BindEntitySource.Scene`)

This property indicates where the component or components will be searched. There are several values:

| Source | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Scene` (default)| The Entity is searched in the entire Scene. It iterates over all entities in the scene. |
| `Children` | Search the Entity in its descendant entities, **excluding the owner entity** |
| `ChildrenSkipOwner` | Search the Entity in its descendant entities, **not including the owner entity** |
| `Parents` | Search the Entity in the ascendant entities, **including the owner entity** |
| `ParentsSkipOwner` | Search the Entity in its ascendant entities, **not including the owner entity** |


A brief example:

```csharp
public class MyComponent : Component
{
    // Binding with the first Entity in the Scene tagged with "Player"
    [BindEntity(tag: "Player")] // source: Scene is default value 
    private Entity player;
    // ...
}
```

### isRequired (default `true`)

If the value is `true` the dependency is required to be resolved, in other case, the current Component won't be attached.

The IsRequired value has the same functionality than [BindComponent] (see [Bind Components](bind_components.md for further details)).

### isRecursive (default `true`)

If set to `true` the search will include all descendants (or ascendants) in the hierarchy; otherwise, the search will only include the direct descendants.

### tag (default `null`)

The Entities will be filtered by its tag value.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/basics/bindings/bind_entities.md, after:

# Bind Entities

Using the **[BindEntity]** attribute allows your components to establish dependencies with [Entities](../component_arch/entities/index.md) in your scene.

The search is made using the Entity.Tag property:

```csharp
// Binding with the first Entity in the Scene tagged with "Player"
[BindEntity(tag: "Player")]
private Entity player;

// Search all Entities with the "Item" tag...
[BindComponent(tag: "Item")]
private List<Entity> itemList;
```

> [!NOTE]
> [BindEntity] can only be used inside Components. In other cases, the binding cannot be resolved.

## [BindEntity] Properties

This attribute offers several ways to customize:

### source (default `BindEntitySource.Scene`)

This property indicates where the component or components will be searched. The possible values are:

| Source | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Scene` (default)| The Entity is searched in the entire Scene. It iterates over all entities in the scene. |
| `Children` | Searches the Entity in its descendant entities, **excluding the owner entity** |
| `ChildrenSkipOwner` | Searches the Entity in its descendant entities, **not including the owner entity** |
| `Parents` | Searches the Entity in the ascendant entities, **including the owner entity** |
| `ParentsSkipOwner` | Searches the Entity in its ascendant entities, **not including the owner entity** |

A brief example:

```csharp
public class MyComponent : Component
{
    // Binding with the first Entity in the Scene tagged with "Player"
    [BindEntity(tag: "Player")] // source: Scene is default value 
    private Entity player;
    // ...
}
```

### isRequired (default `true`)

If the value is `true`, the dependency is required to be resolved; otherwise, the current Component won't be attached.

The IsRequired value has the same functionality as [BindComponent] (see [Bind Components](bind_components.md) for further details).

### isRecursive (default `true`)

If set to `true`, the search will include all descendants (or ascendants) in the hierarchy; otherwise, the search will only include the direct descendants.

### tag (default `null`)

The Entities will be filtered by their tag value.
