manual/physics/joints/fixed_joint.md, before:

# Fixed Joint

<video autoplay loop muted width="100%" height="auto">
  <source src="images/FixedJointVideo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

**Fixed Joints** restricts an object’s movement to be dependent upon another object. This is somewhat similar to Parenting but is implemented through physics rather than Transform hierarchy. The best scenarios for using them are when you have objects that you want to easily break apart from each other, or connect two object’s movement without parenting.

## FixedJoint3D

In Evergine, a Fixed Joint is implemented using the `FixedJoint3D` component.

![Fixed Joint](images/fixedJointComponent.png)


## Properties

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **ConnectedEntityPath** | null |  The [entity path](../../basics/component_arch/entities/entity_hierarchy.md#entity-paths) of the connected body. Only when the path is valid a Joint is established properly. |
| **Axis** | 1, 0, 0 |  This is the relative axis which locates the joint frame relative to the target body. |
| **Anchor** | 0, 0, 0 | The point which defines the center of the joint in source entity local space. All physics-based simulations use this point as the center in calculations. |
| **AutoConfigureConnected** | true | Enable this setting to automatically calculate the *ConnectedAnchor* position and *ConnectedAxis* to match the global position of the anchor property. This is the default setting. Disable it to configure the position of the connected anchor and connected axis manually. |
| **ConnectedAxis** | *auto-calculated* | The joint axis relative to the connected body. |
| **ConnectedAnchor** | *auto-calculated* | Manually configure the connected anchor position, in the connected body local space. |
| **BreakPoint** | 0 | If the value is greater than 0, Indicates the force that needs to be applied for this joint to break. |
| **CollideConnected** | false | Determines whether a collision between the two bodies managed by the joint is enabled. |

## Using Fixed Joint

This snippet creates two bodies and add a fixed joint maintaining the relative position at start. This is because the `AutoConfigureConnected` property is set to true.

```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    // Load your material
    var cubeMaterial = this.Managers.AssetSceneManager.Load<Material>(EvergineContent.Materials.CubeMaterial);
    var floorMaterial = this.Managers.AssetSceneManager.Load<Material>(DefaultResourcesIDs.DefaultMaterialID);

    // Create the floor
    var floor = this.CreateFloor(floorMaterial);

    var cubeA = this.CreateCube(cubeMaterial, new Vector3(0, 2, 0), 0.5f);
    var cubeB = this.CreateCube(cubeMaterial, new Vector3(0, 3, 0), 0.5f);

    // Add a Fixed Joint to cubeA...
    cubeA.AddComponent(new FixedJoint3D(){
        ConnectedEntityPath = cubeB.EntityPath // Connect to cubeB
    });

    // Register entities to EntityManager...
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(floor);
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(cubeA);
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(cubeB);
}

private Entity CreateFloor(Material material)
{
    Entity floor = new Entity()
        .AddComponent(new Transform3D())
        .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = material })
        .AddComponent(new PlaneMesh() { Width = 10, Height = 10 }) // Create a 10x10 floor plane
        .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())

        .AddComponent(new StaticBody3D())        // Add a StaticBody component...
        .AddComponent(new BoxCollider3D());     // Add a BoxCollider3D to the physic body...

    return floor;    
}

private Entity CreateCube(Material material, Vector3 position, float size)
{
    Entity cube = new Entity()
        .AddComponent(new Transform3D()
        {
            Position = position
        })
        .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = material })
        .AddComponent(new CubeMesh() { Size = size })
        .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())

        .AddComponent(new RigidBody3D())        // Add a RigidBody3D component...
        .AddComponent(new BoxCollider3D());     // Add a BoxCollider3D to the physic body...

    return cube;
}
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/physics/joints/fixed_joint.md, after:

Here is the improved text with corrected grammar:

# Fixed Joint

<video autoplay loop muted width="100%" height="auto">
  <source src="images/FixedJointVideo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

**Fixed Joints** restrict an object’s movement to be dependent upon another object. This is somewhat similar to Parenting but is implemented through physics rather than the Transform hierarchy. The best scenarios for using them are when you have objects that you want to easily break apart from each other or connect two objects' movement without parenting.

## FixedJoint3D

In Evergine, a Fixed Joint is implemented using the `FixedJoint3D` component.

![Fixed Joint](images/fixedJointComponent.png)

## Properties

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **ConnectedEntityPath** | null | The [entity path](../../basics/component_arch/entities/entity_hierarchy.md#entity-paths) of the connected body. Only when the path is valid is a Joint established properly. |
| **Axis** | 1, 0, 0 | This is the relative axis which locates the joint frame relative to the target body. |
| **Anchor** | 0, 0, 0 | The point which defines the center of the joint in the source entity's local space. All physics-based simulations use this point as the center in calculations. |
| **AutoConfigureConnected** | true | Enable this setting to automatically calculate the *ConnectedAnchor* position and *ConnectedAxis* to match the global position of the anchor property. This is the default setting. Disable it to configure the position of the connected anchor and connected axis manually. |
| **ConnectedAxis** | *auto-calculated* | The joint axis relative to the connected body. |
| **ConnectedAnchor** | *auto-calculated* | Manually configure the connected anchor position in the connected body's local space. |
| **BreakPoint** | 0 | If the value is greater than 0, it indicates the force that needs to be applied for this joint to break. |
| **CollideConnected** | false | Determines whether a collision between the two bodies managed by the joint is enabled. |

## Using Fixed Joint

This snippet creates two bodies and adds a fixed joint maintaining the relative position at the start. This is because the `AutoConfigureConnected` property is set to true.

```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    // Load your material
    var cubeMaterial = this.Managers.AssetSceneManager.Load<Material>(EvergineContent.Materials.CubeMaterial);
    var floorMaterial = this.Managers.AssetSceneManager.Load<Material>(DefaultResourcesIDs.DefaultMaterialID);

    // Create the floor
    var floor = this.CreateFloor(floorMaterial);

    var cubeA = this.CreateCube(cubeMaterial, new Vector3(0, 2, 0), 0.5f);
    var cubeB = this.CreateCube(cubeMaterial, new Vector3(0, 3, 0), 0.5f);

    // Add a Fixed Joint to cubeA...
    cubeA.AddComponent(new FixedJoint3D(){
        ConnectedEntityPath = cubeB.EntityPath // Connect to cubeB
    });

    // Register entities to EntityManager...
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(floor);
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(cubeA);
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(cubeB);
}

private Entity CreateFloor(Material material)
{
    Entity floor = new Entity()
        .AddComponent(new Transform3D())
        .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = material })
        .AddComponent(new PlaneMesh() { Width = 10, Height = 10 }) // Create a 10x10 floor plane
        .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())

        .AddComponent(new StaticBody3D())        // Add a StaticBody component...
        .AddComponent(new BoxCollider3D());     // Add a BoxCollider3D to the physics body...

    return floor;    
}

private Entity CreateCube(Material material, Vector3 position, float size)
{
    Entity cube = new Entity()
        .AddComponent(new Transform3D()
        {
            Position = position
        })
        .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = material })
        .AddComponent(new CubeMesh() { Size = size })
        .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())

        .AddComponent(new RigidBody3D())        // Add a RigidBody3D component...
        .AddComponent(new BoxCollider3D());     // Add a BoxCollider3D to the physics body...

    return cube;
}
```
