manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/create_postprocessing_graphs.md, before:

# Create Postprocessing Graph
---
![Postprocessing header](images/PostProcessingGraph.jpg)

The Post-Processing graph is a group of nodes connected that apply visual effects to the output render before drawing on the screen. Each node is a compute [effect](../effects/index.md). 

## Create a Postprocessing Graph asset in Evergine Studio
You can create a postprocessing graph click button on ![Plus Icon](../images/plusIcon.jpg) from the [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) panel to deploy a create menu options and click on the option _"Create Post-Processing Graph"_

![Create new postprocessing graph menu option](images/AssetsDetailsMenu.jpg)

### Inspect Postprocessing Graph in Asset Details
You can find the postprocessing graph assets in the [**Assets Details**](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) panel when you select a folder in the [**Project Explorer**](../../evergine_studio/interface.md).

![Postprocessing Graph asset](images/postProcessinGraphAsset.jpg)

### Postprocessing Graph files in content directory
The postprocessing graph file has the `.wepp` extension.

![Postprocessing Graph file](images/postProcessingGraphFile.jpg)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/create_postprocessing_graphs.md, after:

# Create Postprocessing Graph
---
![Postprocessing header](images/PostProcessingGraph.jpg)

The Post-Processing graph is a set of nodes connected to apply visual effects to the output render before displaying it on the screen. Each node is a compute [effect](../effects/index.md). 

## Create a Postprocessing Graph Asset in Evergine Studio
You can create a postprocessing graph by clicking the ![Plus Icon](../images/plusIcon.jpg) button in the [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) panel. This will open the create menu options, where you can select the option _"Create Post-Processing Graph"_.

![Create new postprocessing graph menu option](images/AssetsDetailsMenu.jpg)

### Inspect Postprocessing Graph in Asset Details
You can find the postprocessing graph assets in the [**Assets Details**](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) panel when you select a folder in the [**Project Explorer**](../../evergine_studio/interface.md).

![Postprocessing Graph asset](images/postProcessinGraphAsset.jpg)

### Postprocessing Graph Files in Content Directory
The postprocessing graph file has the `.wepp` extension.

![Postprocessing Graph file](images/postProcessingGraphFile.jpg)
