manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/postprocessing_graph_editor.md, before:

# Postprocessing Graph Editor
---
![Postprocessing Graph Interface](images/PostprocessingGraphEditor.jpg)

**Postprocessing Graph Editor** allows editing the Postprocessing Graph assets. Double click over a postprocessing graph asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of 3 main parts: 
* Graph Editor
* Compute Effects collection
* Viewport.

## **Graph Editor**

The **Graph Editor** allows you to create graph nodes to connect the start node (_Render_) with the last node (_Screen_). The nodes are computed effects and his parameters, input, and output are defined by his ResourceLayout block.

| Node elements | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| **Name**          | Located on top of the Node is the name of the compute effect used. |
| **Divisors**      | Allows configure the ThreadGroupDivisor X,y and Z to dispatch the compute effect.
| **Parameters**    | Allows configuring constant buffer or structure buffer properties to the compute effect. |
| **Input**         | Allows set Textures and Samplers to the compute effect. |
| **Output**        | Allows set RWTextures to the compute effect. |

![Node Parts](images/PostprocessingNode.jpg)

> [!Tip]
>The node inputs can only be connected with a single node output but a node output can be connected with multiple node inputs.

### **Toolbox**

The toolbox is located on the top side of the graph editor and allows to manipulate the graph view.

| Icon  | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
|![Delete](images/deleteIcon.jpg)| Delete the selected node. |
|![Relocate](images/relocateIcon.jpg)    | Execute an algorithm to relocated nodes and avoid node overlapping. |
|![Zoom In](images/zoomInIcon.jpg) ![Zoom Out](images/zoomOutIcon.jpg) | Zoom in/out the graph. |
|![Center](images/centerIcon.jpg) | Center the view over the graph. |

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| **Left mouse button** | Selection tool. Allows to select a single or multiple nodes.|
| **Right mouse button** | Cut tool. Allows the draw a cut line to break conections.|
| **Medium mouse button** | Pan tool. Allows to move along the graph.|
| **Mouse wheel** | Allows to make zoom in/out over the graph.  |

## **Compuse Effects Collection**
In this panel, you can find all compute effects existing in the project and drag an effect to the graph editor to use it.

## **Viewport**
The vewport allows to inspect the result of the postprocessing graph applied to the scene:

> [!NOTE]
> To refresh the graph changes in the viewport, you need to save all graph changes.

| Icon  | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
|![Select scene](images/sceneIcon.jpg)| The combobox allows to select the current scene for the viewport.|
|![Camera settings](images/cameraIcon.jpg)    | Opens the camera settings to configure all its parameters. The camera changes are not stored so it is only for testing proposes. |

The viewport allows you a simple interaction to easily inspect the scene:

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| `W`, `S`, `D`, `A` | Move camera along the scene.|
| **Right mouse button** | Rotates camera. |
| **Medium mouse button** | Camera panning. |
| **Mouse wheel** | Camera zoom in/out.  |

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/postprocessing_graph_editor.md, after:

# Postprocessing Graph Editor
---
![Postprocessing Graph Interface](images/PostprocessingGraphEditor.jpg)

**Postprocessing Graph Editor** allows editing Postprocessing Graph assets. Double-clicking on a postprocessing graph asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of three main parts:
* Graph Editor
* Compute Effects Collection
* Viewport

## **Graph Editor**

The **Graph Editor** allows you to create graph nodes to connect the start node (_Render_) with the last node (_Screen_). The nodes are computed effects, and their parameters, inputs, and outputs are defined by their ResourceLayout block.

| Node Elements | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| **Name**          | Located at the top of the Node is the name of the compute effect used. |
| **Divisors**      | Allows configuring the ThreadGroupDivisor X, Y, and Z to dispatch the compute effect. |
| **Parameters**    | Allows configuring constant buffer or structure buffer properties for the compute effect. |
| **Input**         | Allows setting Textures and Samplers for the compute effect. |
| **Output**        | Allows setting RWTextures for the compute effect. |

![Node Parts](images/PostprocessingNode.jpg)

> [!Tip]
>The node inputs can only be connected with a single node output, but a node output can be connected with multiple node inputs.

### **Toolbox**

The toolbox is located at the top of the graph editor and allows you to manipulate the graph view.

| Icon  | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
|![Delete](images/deleteIcon.jpg)| Delete the selected node. |
|![Relocate](images/relocateIcon.jpg)    | Execute an algorithm to relocate nodes and avoid node overlapping. |
|![Zoom In](images/zoomInIcon.jpg) ![Zoom Out](images/zoomOutIcon.jpg) | Zoom in/out the graph. |
|![Center](images/centerIcon.jpg) | Center the view over the graph. |

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| **Left mouse button** | Selection tool. Allows selecting single or multiple nodes.|
| **Right mouse button** | Cut tool. Allows you to draw a cut line to break connections.|
| **Middle mouse button** | Pan tool. Allows you to move along the graph.|
| **Mouse wheel** | Allows you to zoom in/out over the graph.  |

## **Compute Effects Collection**
In this panel, you can find all compute effects existing in the project and drag an effect to the graph editor to use it.

## **Viewport**
The viewport allows you to inspect the result of the postprocessing graph applied to the scene:

> [!NOTE]
> To refresh the graph changes in the viewport, you need to save all graph changes.

| Icon  | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
|![Select scene](images/sceneIcon.jpg)| The combobox allows selecting the current scene for the viewport.|
|![Camera settings](images/cameraIcon.jpg)    | Opens the camera settings to configure all its parameters. The camera changes are not stored, so it is only for testing purposes. |

The viewport allows you a simple interaction to easily inspect the scene:

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| `W`, `S`, `D`, `A` | Move camera along the scene.|
| **Right mouse button** | Rotates camera. |
| **Middle mouse button** | Camera panning. |
| **Mouse wheel** | Camera zoom in/out.  |
