manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/using_postprocessing_graphs.md, before:

# Using Postprocessing Graph

![Postprocessing Graph header](images/PostProcessingGraph.jpg)

In this document, you will learn how to load and use **Postprocesing Graph** in your applications.

## Load Postprocessing Graph from code
The following sample code can be used to instantiate an existing postprocessing graph asset and apply it in your scene.
```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    var assetsService = Application.Current.Container.Resolve<AssetsService>();

    var graph = assetsService.Load<PostProcessingGraph>(EvergineContent.PostprocessingGraph.MyPostProcessingGraph);

    // Add postprocessing graph to scene
    Entity postprocessingVolume = new Entity()
        .AddComponent(new Transform3D())
        .AddComponent(new PostProcessingGraphRenderer() { ppGraph = graph });

    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(postprocessingVolume);
}
```

## How to apply Postprocessing graph to a scene from Evergine Studio.

You can apply a postprocessing graph to your scene click on ![Plus Icon](../images/plusIcon.jpg) button from [Entities Hierarchy](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) panel and select _Post-processing Volume_

![Create Postprocessing Volume](images/CreatePostprocessingGraph.jpg)

Postprocessing Volume is an entity in your scene composed of 3 components:
* `Transform3D`
* `PostProcessingGraphRenderer`
* `BoxCollider3D`

With the `PostProcessingGraphRenderer` component, you can configure it to work in two modes.

| Mode | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| **Global** | All cameras in your scene will be affected by the postprocessing graph. |
| **Volume** | The cameras enter into the volume defines by a BoxCollider will be affected by the postprocessing graph. |

In addition, you can configure the _LayerOrder_ to execute the postprocessing in your scene. For example, you can execute the postprocessing after drawing all entities of your scene but before the UI entities.

Finally, The PostProcessingGraphRenderer allows to load a Postprocessing Graph asset and displays all his nodes or his associated [decorator](custom_postprocessing_graph.md).

![Postprocessing Renderer](images/PostprocessingGraphRenderer.jpg)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/using_postprocessing_graphs.md, after:

# Using Postprocessing Graph

![Postprocessing Graph header](images/PostProcessingGraph.jpg)

In this document, you will learn how to load and use the **Postprocessing Graph** in your applications.

## Load Postprocessing Graph from Code
The following sample code can be used to instantiate an existing postprocessing graph asset and apply it in your scene.
```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    var assetsService = Application.Current.Container.Resolve<AssetsService>();

    var graph = assetsService.Load<PostProcessingGraph>(EvergineContent.PostprocessingGraph.MyPostProcessingGraph);

    // Add postprocessing graph to the scene
    Entity postprocessingVolume = new Entity()
        .AddComponent(new Transform3D())
        .AddComponent(new PostProcessingGraphRenderer() { ppGraph = graph });

    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(postprocessingVolume);
}
```

## How to Apply Postprocessing Graph to a Scene from Evergine Studio

You can apply a postprocessing graph to your scene by clicking on the ![Plus Icon](../images/plusIcon.jpg) button from the [Entities Hierarchy](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) panel and selecting _Post-processing Volume_.

![Create Postprocessing Volume](images/CreatePostprocessingGraph.jpg)

A Postprocessing Volume is an entity in your scene composed of 3 components:
* `Transform3D`
* `PostProcessingGraphRenderer`
* `BoxCollider3D`

With the `PostProcessingGraphRenderer` component, you can configure it to work in two modes.

| Mode | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| **Global** | All cameras in your scene will be affected by the postprocessing graph. |
| **Volume** | The cameras that enter into the volume defined by a BoxCollider will be affected by the postprocessing graph. |

In addition, you can configure the _LayerOrder_ to execute the postprocessing in your scene. For example, you can execute the postprocessing after drawing all entities in your scene but before the UI entities.

Finally, the PostProcessingGraphRenderer allows you to load a Postprocessing Graph asset and displays all its nodes or its associated [decorator](custom_postprocessing_graph.md).

![Postprocessing Renderer](images/PostprocessingGraphRenderer.jpg)
