manual/addons/xrv/modules/imageGallery/index.md, before:

# Image Gallery module

With this module, you can display a gallery of images, that can be stored remotely. A new element will be added in hand menu to provide direct access to gallery window. This window counts with some UI elements like a slider or buttons that lets the user load an image or other.

![Snapshot](images/snapshot.png).

If data source contains only one image, no navigation buttons will be displayed at all. A single images data source is supported in current module version.

> [!NOTE]
> In current version, there is a restriction: all images should be of the same size.

| Properties          | Description                              |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `ImagePixelsWidth`  | Image width for the viewer in pixels.    |
| `ImagePixelsHeight` | Image height for the viewer in pixels.   |
| `FileAccess`        | Images data source. Please refer to [Storage](../../storage.md) section for more information. |

## Installation

This module is packaged as [Evergine add-on](../../../index.md). To use it in your project, just install it from _Project Settings > Add-Ons_ window.

![Module installation](images/installation.png)

Then, just register the module programmatically within your XRV service instance.

```csharp
FileAccess imagesDataSource = <Create FileAccess instance>;
var xrv = new XrvService()
    .AddModule(new ImageGalleryModule
    {
        ImagePixelsWidth = 640,
        ImagePixelsHeight = 640,
        FileAccess = imagesDataSource,
    });
```

## Usage

- To open gallery window, just tap on ![hand menu icon](images/imagegallery.png) hand menu button.
- You can navigate between images by clicking on next ![next](images/next.png) or previous ![previous](images/previous.png) buttons. You can also change current image using attached slider.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/addons/xrv/modules/imageGallery/index.md, after:

# Image Gallery Module

With this module, you can display a gallery of images that can be stored remotely. A new element will be added to the hand menu to provide direct access to the gallery window. This window includes UI elements like a slider and buttons that let the user load an image, among other features.

![Snapshot](images/snapshot.png)

If the data source contains only one image, no navigation buttons will be displayed. A single-image data source is supported in the current module version.

> [!NOTE]
> In the current version, there is a restriction: all images should be of the same size.

| Properties          | Description                              |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `ImagePixelsWidth`  | Image width for the viewer in pixels.    |
| `ImagePixelsHeight` | Image height for the viewer in pixels.   |
| `FileAccess`        | Images data source. Please refer to the [Storage](../../storage.md) section for more information. |

## Installation

This module is packaged as an [Evergine add-on](../../../index.md). To use it in your project, simply install it from the _Project Settings > Add-Ons_ window.

![Module installation](images/installation.png)

Then, register the module programmatically within your XRV service instance.

```csharp
FileAccess imagesDataSource = <Create FileAccess instance>;
var xrv = new XrvService()
    .AddModule(new ImageGalleryModule
    {
        ImagePixelsWidth = 640,
        ImagePixelsHeight = 640,
        FileAccess = imagesDataSource,
    });
```

## Usage

- To open the gallery window, tap on the ![hand menu icon](images/imagegallery.png) hand menu button.
- You can navigate between images by clicking on the next ![next](images/next.png) or previous ![previous](images/previous.png) buttons. You can also change the current image using the attached slider.
