manual/basics/component_arch/index.md, before:

# Component Based Architecture
---
![Component Based Architecture](images/component_based_arch.jpg)


Evergine is based on entity-oriented programming. An [**Entity**](entities/index.md) is built of Components, where each component does just an specific piece of work, and are reusable on other entities.

## Overview
When you are making applications in Evergine, you need to create objects to represent the entities in your scene, like a car, a player, a sunlight, and so on.

### Traditional deep class hierarchies
When you first get started ,you might think the most logical thing is to create a base class called `AppObject` or similar, that contains the common code. Then you can create subclasses like `Vehicle` with all common functionality between all vehicles, and maybe subclases for specific types (`Car`, `Motorbike`, `Train`...).

For simple scenarios, this works quite well and is quite easy to program. However, has your application get larger and more complex, this architecture begins to cause some problems in practice:
* Root classes tend to be heavier and is difficult to split the functionality in separate subsystems.
* Class inheritance may introduce weird scenarios. For instance, if we have created a `GroundVehicle` and `WaterVehicle` base classes, Which class a `AmphibianVehicle` should be derived from? If it is derived from GroundVehicle, all water functionality would be missing, and the same if it is derived from WaterVehicle.

![Class Inheritance Issue](images/class_inheritance_issue.png)

### Entities as an aggregation of Components

To solve this issues, we have chosen the **aggregation of components** approach.
In ths approach, the functionality is separated into individual components that are mostly independent of one another. The old object hierarchy is replaced by an object (`Entity`) with a collection of independent components (derived from `Component`).

Each object now only has the functionality that it needs. Any distinct new functionality is implemented by adding a new component.

## Entity-Component relationship

**Entities** are the fundamental objects in Evergine that represent characters, lights, models and so on. 
An Entity without any Component has no functionality (nothing will be rendered or interacted).

To give an Entity the properties it needs to become a Light, a Model, or a Camera, you need to add **Components** to it. Depending on what kind of objects do you want to create.

### SceneManagers and Components

In Evergine, a **Scene** has several subsystems (called **SceneManagers**). Every SceneManager control different aspects of the scene (A few examples: `RenderManager` to render and draw the scene, `BehaviorManager` to udpate all Behaviors, `PhysicManager3D` to perform Physics simulations, and so on)

With the Component architecture, every component is responsible to registers itself into the associated SceneManager, allowing in these SceneManagers to have the scope of Components which they are interested in and ignore the rest of them.

> [!NOTE]
> For instance: Every physics related components (RigidBody3D, BoxCollider3D, etc...) are internally registered into the PhysicManager3D when an Entity is spawned into the scene. This allows PhysicManager3D to gather and control all the physic information in the scene.

### Summary Diagram

A **Scene** is composed for several [**Entities**](entities/index.md). Each one has a collection of Components that give it the required functionality or data. Every component may be registered into the different **SceneManagers** of the Scene.

The following diagram gives an overview concerning this

![Component Based Architecture](images/component_arch.png)



## In this section
* [Entities](entities/index.md)
* [Components](components/index.md)
* [Prefabs](prefabs/index.md)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/basics/component_arch/index.md, after:

# Component-Based Architecture
---
![Component Based Architecture](images/component_based_arch.jpg)

Evergine is based on entity-oriented programming. An [**Entity**](entities/index.md) is built of Components, where each component performs a specific piece of work and is reusable across other entities.

## Overview
When creating applications in Evergine, you need to create objects to represent the entities in your scene, such as a car, a player, or sunlight.

### Traditional Deep Class Hierarchies
When you first get started, you might think the most logical approach is to create a base class called `AppObject` or something similar that contains the common code. Then you can create subclasses like `Vehicle` with all common functionalities shared between all vehicles, and maybe subclasses for specific types (`Car`, `Motorbike`, `Train`, etc.).

For simple scenarios, this works quite well and is fairly easy to program. However, as your application grows larger and more complex, this architecture begins to cause some issues in practice:
* Root classes tend to be heavier and it is difficult to split the functionality into separate subsystems.
* Class inheritance may introduce odd scenarios. For instance, if we have created `GroundVehicle` and `WaterVehicle` base classes, which class should an `AmphibianVehicle` be derived from? If it is derived from `GroundVehicle`, all water functionalities would be missing, and the same issue arises if it is derived from `WaterVehicle`.

![Class Inheritance Issue](images/class_inheritance_issue.png)

### Entities as an Aggregation of Components

To solve these issues, we have chosen the **aggregation of components** approach. In this approach, the functionality is separated into individual components that are mostly independent of one another. The old object hierarchy is replaced by an object (`Entity`) with a collection of independent components (derived from `Component`).

Each object now only has the functionality that it needs. Any distinct new functionality is implemented by adding a new component.

## Entity-Component Relationship

**Entities** are the fundamental objects in Evergine that represent characters, lights, models, and so on. An Entity without any Component has no functionality (nothing will be rendered or interacted with).

To give an Entity the properties it needs to become a Light, a Model, or a Camera, you need to add **Components** to it, depending on the type of object you wish to create.

### SceneManagers and Components

In Evergine, a **Scene** has several subsystems (called **SceneManagers**). Every SceneManager controls different aspects of the scene (for example: `RenderManager` to render and draw the scene, `BehaviorManager` to update all Behaviors, `PhysicManager3D` to perform Physics simulations, and so on).

With the Component architecture, every component is responsible for registering itself into the associated SceneManager, allowing these SceneManagers to have the scope of Components in which they are interested and ignore the rest.

> [!NOTE]
> For instance: Every physics-related component (RigidBody3D, BoxCollider3D, etc.) is internally registered into the PhysicManager3D when an Entity is spawned into the scene. This allows PhysicManager3D to gather and control all the physics information in the scene.

### Summary Diagram

A **Scene** is composed of several [**Entities**](entities/index.md). Each one has a collection of Components that give it the required functionality or data. Every component may be registered into the different **SceneManagers** of the Scene.

The following diagram provides an overview of this:

![Component Based Architecture](images/component_arch.png)

## In This Section
* [Entities](entities/index.md)
* [Components](components/index.md)
* [Prefabs](prefabs/index.md)
