manual/physics/physics_bodies/character_controller.md, before:

# Character Controller

![Character Controller](images/character_controller_section.png)

The character controller is an physic body type used for the player objects to provide collision-based physics but also to allow for more customizations dedicated to game characters (player or NPCs). It's a common choice for first-person and third-person games.

![Character Controller](images/character_controller.gif)

In Evergine, we use the `CharacterController3D` component to provide this functionality.

## CharacterController3D Component

![CharacterController3D](images/character_controller_component.png)

### General properties

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Restitution**| 0 | Sets the amount of kinetic energy lost or gained after a collision. A typical value is between 0 and 1. If the restitution property of colliding bodies is 0, the bodies lose all energy and stop moving immediately on impact. If the restitution is 1, they lose no energy and rebound with the same velocity they collided at. Use this to change the "bounciness" of rigidbodies. | 
| **Friction**| 0.5 | Sets the surface friction. | 
| **RollingFriction**| 0 | Sets the rolling friction. | 
| **IsSensor** | true | Characters are special type of physics bodies and by default is created as a sensor. |
| **CollisionCategory**| `Cat1` | The CollisionCategory flag specify the category of this body. | 
| **MaskBit**| `All` | The MaskBits indicates with which categories this body will collide. |

### Character properties

The following properties affect the movement of the rigidbody.

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **StepHeight** | 0.2 | The maximum height the character can step onto. |
| **FallSpeed** | 55 | Maximum velocity of a character in a free fall (m/s). By default is 55, the terminal velocity of a sky diver. |
| **JumpSpeed** | 10 | Jump speed. |
| **MaxSlope** | 45 | Limits the character to only climb slopes that are less steep (in degrees) than the indicated value. |
| **Gravity** | 29.4 | 3G gravity acceleration. |

### Useful methods

To control a character, you may find useful these methods:

| Method | Description | 
 | --- | --- |
 | **SetVelocity(velocity)** |  Sets the character velocity. This is the most usual way to move and control a character. After setting a velocity vector, the character will move in that direction, and will interact with the physic world. |
 | **Jump(), Jump(jumpDirection)** | The character perform a jump movement. You can specify an optional jump direction. |
 | **Teleport(newPosition)** | Teleport the character to a new position. |

## Create a Character Controller

### From code

This code is just to create a character body:
```csharp

Entity character = new Entity()
    .AddComponent(new Transform3D(){ Position = characterPosition })
    .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = material }) // assign a material
    .AddComponent(new CapsuleMesh())
    .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())
    
    .AddComponent(new CharacterController())    // Add a RigidBody3D component...
    .AddComponent(new CapsuleCollider3D());     // Assign a CapsuleCollider3D to the physic body...

    .AddComponent(new MoveCharacterBehavior())  // Add a component that will control the character.

this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(character);
```

But we need a component that move the `CharacterController3D` component. The following component just capture some keys to move and jump the character.

```csharp
public class MoveCharacterBehavior : Behavior
{
    [BindComponent]
    private CharacterController3D character;

    public float Speed { get; set; } = 3;

    protected override void Update(TimeSpan gameTime)
    {
        // Gets the keyboard
        var keyboard = this.Managers.RenderManager.ActiveCamera3D.Display.KeyboardDispatcher;

        // Use keys (I, K, J, L) to move the character...
        var velocity = Vector3.Zero;
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.I)) { velocity += Vector3.Forward; }
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.K)) { velocity += Vector3.Backward; }
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.J)) { velocity += Vector3.Left; }
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.L)) { velocity += Vector3.Right; }

        // Update the character velocity...
        this.character.SetVelocity(velocity * this.Speed);

        // Jump if we press the space key...
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.Space)) { this.character.Jump(); }
    }
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/physics/physics_bodies/character_controller.md, after:

# Character Controller

![Character Controller](images/character_controller_section.png)

The character controller is a type of physics body used for player objects to provide collision-based physics while also allowing for more customizations dedicated to game characters (player or NPCs). It's a common choice for first-person and third-person games.

![Character Controller](images/character_controller.gif)

In Evergine, we use the `CharacterController3D` component to provide this functionality.

## CharacterController3D Component

![CharacterController3D](images/character_controller_component.png)

### General Properties

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Restitution** | 0 | Sets the amount of kinetic energy lost or gained after a collision. A typical value is between 0 and 1. If the restitution property of colliding bodies is 0, the bodies lose all energy and stop moving immediately on impact. If the restitution is 1, they lose no energy and rebound with the same velocity they collided at. Use this to change the "bounciness" of rigidbodies. |
| **Friction** | 0.5 | Sets the surface friction. |
| **RollingFriction** | 0 | Sets the rolling friction. |
| **IsSensor** | true | Characters are a special type of physics body and by default are created as sensors. |
| **CollisionCategory** | `Cat1` | The CollisionCategory flag specifies the category of this body. |
| **MaskBit** | `All` | The MaskBits indicate with which categories this body will collide. |

### Character Properties

The following properties affect the movement of the rigidbody.

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **StepHeight** | 0.2 | The maximum height the character can step onto. |
| **FallSpeed** | 55 | Maximum velocity of a character in free fall (m/s). By default, it is 55, the terminal velocity of a sky diver. |
| **JumpSpeed** | 10 | Jump speed. |
| **MaxSlope** | 45 | Limits the character to only climb slopes that are less steep (in degrees) than the indicated value. |
| **Gravity** | 29.4 | 3G gravity acceleration. |

### Useful Methods

To control a character, you may find these methods useful:

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **SetVelocity(velocity)** | Sets the character velocity. This is the most common way to move and control a character. After setting a velocity vector, the character will move in that direction and will interact with the physics world. |
| **Jump(), Jump(jumpDirection)** | The character performs a jump movement. You can specify an optional jump direction. |
| **Teleport(newPosition)** | Teleports the character to a new position. |

## Create a Character Controller

### From Code

This code is used to create a character body:
```csharp
Entity character = new Entity()
    .AddComponent(new Transform3D() { Position = characterPosition })
    .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = material }) // assign a material
    .AddComponent(new CapsuleMesh())
    .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())
    .AddComponent(new CharacterController())    // Add a CharacterController3D component...
    .AddComponent(new CapsuleCollider3D())      // Assign a CapsuleCollider3D to the physics body...
    .AddComponent(new MoveCharacterBehavior()); // Add a component that will control the character.

this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(character);
```

However, we need a component that moves the `CharacterController3D` component. The following component captures some keys to move and jump the character.

```csharp
public class MoveCharacterBehavior : Behavior
{
    [BindComponent]
    private CharacterController3D character;

    public float Speed { get; set; } = 3;

    protected override void Update(TimeSpan gameTime)
    {
        // Gets the keyboard
        var keyboard = this.Managers.RenderManager.ActiveCamera3D.Display.KeyboardDispatcher;

        // Use keys (I, K, J, L) to move the character...
        var velocity = Vector3.Zero;
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.I)) { velocity += Vector3.Forward; }
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.K)) { velocity += Vector3.Backward; }
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.J)) { velocity += Vector3.Left; }
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.L)) { velocity += Vector3.Right; }

        // Update the character velocity...
        this.character.SetVelocity(velocity * this.Speed);

        // Jump if we press the space key...
        if (keyboard.IsKeyDown(Evergine.Common.Input.Keyboard.Keys.Space)) { this.character.Jump(); }
    }
}
```
