manual/physics/physics_bodies/static_bodies.md, before:

# Static Bodies

![Static Bodies](../images/physics.png)

**Static bodies** are not affected by any physic force, and as a result it don't move. Rigid bodies can collide with static bodies. In general, static bodies can be used for objects that are immovable, like walls, floors, etc...


In Evergine, we use the `StaticBody3D` component to provide the functionality required to turn an Entity into a Static body.

> [!Note]
> You can change the position of a static body changing the entity Transform, but it is not recommended if you want to apply motions. In that case use a Kinematic RigidBody

## Static Component

In Evergine, we use the `StaticBody3D` component to provide the functionality required to turn an Entity into a Static body.

![StaticBody3D](images/staticbody3d_component.png)

### General properties

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Restitution**| 0 | Sets the amount of kinetic energy lost or gained after a collision. A typical value is between 0 and 1. If the restitution property of colliding bodies is 0, the bodies lose all energy and stop moving immediately on impact. If the restitution is 1, they lose no energy and rebound with the same velocity they collided at. Use this to change the "bounciness" of rigidbodies. | 
| **Friction**| 0.5 | Sets the surface friction. | 
| **RollingFriction**| 0 | Sets the rolling friction. |
| **IsSensor** | false | If you set a physic body to be a sensor, other colliders no longer bump into it. Instead, they pass through. Sensors detects when bodies enter it, which you can use in your application. |
| **CollisionCategory**| `Cat1` | The CollisionCategory flag specify the category of this body. | 
| **MaskBit**| `All` | The MaskBits indicates with which categories this body will collide. |

## Create a Static Body

You only need to add a `StaticBody3D` to an entity, to become this into a static body. Don't forget to add a proper collider too.

### From code

In the following code we will create a floor plane of 10x10 units:

```csharp

Entity floor = new Entity()
    .AddComponent(new Transform3D(){ Position = position })
    .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = floorMaterial }) // assign a material
    .AddComponent(new PlaneMesh(){ Width = 10, Height = 10 }) // Create a 10x10 floor plane
    .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())

    .AddComponent(new StaticBody3D())         // Add a StaticBody3D component...    
    .AddComponent(new BoxCollider3D());     // Assign a BoxCollider3D to the physic body...

this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(floor);
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/physics/physics_bodies/static_bodies.md, after:

# Static Bodies

![Static Bodies](../images/physics.png)

**Static bodies** are not affected by any physical force, and as a result, they don't move. Rigid bodies can collide with static bodies. In general, static bodies can be used for objects that are immovable, like walls, floors, etc.

In Evergine, we use the `StaticBody3D` component to provide the functionality required to turn an Entity into a static body.

> [!Note]
> You can change the position of a static body by changing the entity Transform, but it is not recommended if you want to apply motions. In that case, use a Kinematic RigidBody.

## Static Component

In Evergine, we use the `StaticBody3D` component to provide the functionality required to turn an Entity into a static body.

![StaticBody3D](images/staticbody3d_component.png)

### General properties

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Restitution** | 0 | Sets the amount of kinetic energy lost or gained after a collision. A typical value is between 0 and 1. If the restitution property of colliding bodies is 0, the bodies lose all energy and stop moving immediately on impact. If the restitution is 1, they lose no energy and rebound with the same velocity they collided at. Use this to change the "bounciness" of rigid bodies. | 
| **Friction** | 0.5 | Sets the surface friction. | 
| **RollingFriction** | 0 | Sets the rolling friction. |
| **IsSensor** | false | If you set a physical body to be a sensor, other colliders no longer bump into it. Instead, they pass through. Sensors detect when bodies enter it, which you can use in your application. |
| **CollisionCategory** | `Cat1` | The CollisionCategory flag specifies the category of this body. | 
| **MaskBit** | `All` | The MaskBits indicate with which categories this body will collide. |

## Create a Static Body

You only need to add a `StaticBody3D` to an entity to make it a static body. Don't forget to add a proper collider too.

### From code

In the following code, we will create a floor plane of 10x10 units:

```csharp
Entity floor = new Entity()
    .AddComponent(new Transform3D(){ Position = position })
    .AddComponent(new MaterialComponent() { Material = floorMaterial }) // assign a material
    .AddComponent(new PlaneMesh(){ Width = 10, Height = 10 }) // Create a 10x10 floor plane
    .AddComponent(new MeshRenderer())
    .AddComponent(new StaticBody3D())         // Add a StaticBody3D component    
    .AddComponent(new BoxCollider3D());     // Assign a BoxCollider3D to the physical body

this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(floor);
```
