manual/addons/xrv/modules/streamingviewer/index.md, before:

# Streaming Viewer module

This module lets you load a video stream from a _MJPEG_ source. This is the unique streaming protocol that we support in current version. Video size can't be configured: this means that window size may vary depending on returned size of images provided by the server.

![snapshot](images/snapshot.png)

> [!NOTE]
> It's required provided JPEG responses counts with _Content-Length_ header to make it work properly.

## Installation

This module is packaged as [Evergine add-on](../../../index.md). To use it in your project, just install it from _Project Settings > Add-Ons_ window.

![Module installation](images/installation.png)

Then, just register the module programmatically within your XRV service instance.

```csharp
var xrv = new XrvService()
    .AddModule(new StreamingViewerModule 
    {
        SourceURL = "http://<HOST>/video.mjpg"
    });
```

## Android-based systems

In Android-based systems, like Meta Quest, there are some constraints about clear text traffic. By default, it is not allowed. If you set a source that is not served over HTTPS, you must white-list camera domain or IP address using appropriate native mechanism. Please see [Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/articles/security-config#CleartextTrafficPermitted) for more information.

1. Add a XML file under Android resources folder. We are giving it a name _like network_security_config.xml_

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<network-security-config>
  <domain-config cleartextTrafficPermitted="true">
    <!-- Sample IP cameras for Streaming Viewer module -->
    <domain includeSubdomains="true">IP address or domain name</domain>
  </domain-config>
</network-security-config>
```

2. Register security configuration within your application definition under Android manifest file

```xml
<application android:allowBackup="true" android:icon="@mipmap/ic_launcher" android:label="@string/app_name" android:roundIcon="@mipmap/ic_launcher_round" android:supportsRtl="true" android:networkSecurityConfig="@xml/network_security_config">
  <!-- ... -->
</application>  
```

## Usage

- Use ![snapshot](images/VideoStreaming.png) hand menu button to open streaming window.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/addons/xrv/modules/streamingviewer/index.md, after:

# Streaming Viewer Module

This module allows you to load a video stream from an _MJPEG_ source. This is the only streaming protocol supported in the current version. The video size cannot be configured, which means that the window size may vary depending on the image size provided by the server.

![snapshot](images/snapshot.png)

> [!NOTE]
> The provided JPEG responses must include the _Content-Length_ header to function properly.

## Installation

This module is packaged as an [Evergine add-on](../../../index.md). To use it in your project, install it from the _Project Settings > Add-Ons_ window.

![Module installation](images/installation.png)

Next, register the module programmatically within your XRV service instance.

```csharp
var xrv = new XrvService()
    .AddModule(new StreamingViewerModule 
    {
        SourceURL = "http://<HOST>/video.mjpg"
    });
```

## Android-Based Systems

In Android-based systems, such as Meta Quest, there are constraints regarding clear text traffic. By default, it is not allowed. If your source is not served over HTTPS, you must whitelist the camera's domain or IP address using the appropriate native mechanism. Please see the [Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/articles/security-config#CleartextTrafficPermitted) for more information.

1. Add an XML file under the Android resources folder. We will name it _network_security_config.xml_.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<network-security-config>
  <domain-config cleartextTrafficPermitted="true">
    <!-- Sample IP cameras for Streaming Viewer module -->
    <domain includeSubdomains="true">IP address or domain name</domain>
  </domain-config>
</network-security-config>
```

2. Register the security configuration within your application definition under the Android manifest file.

```xml
<application android:allowBackup="true" android:icon="@mipmap/ic_launcher" android:label="@string/app_name" android:roundIcon="@mipmap/ic_launcher_round" android:supportsRtl="true" android:networkSecurityConfig="@xml/network_security_config">
  <!-- ... -->
</application>  
```

## Usage

- Use the ![snapshot](images/VideoStreaming.png) hand menu button to open the streaming window.
