manual/addons/xrv/index.md, before:

# Extended Reality Viewer (XRV)

---

XRV is a library that we are using internally while developing custom XR experiences for our customers. It tries to gather in a single place different functionalities and features commonly required by applications we build, like floating windows, hand menu, voice commands, etc.

![XRV main image](images/main.jpg)

It is based on our own [MRTK add-on](../mrtk/index.md), so it uses the same input pointers, user controls like buttons or sliders, configuration components, etc. Based on that we have built all XRV infrastructure.

Most of the features are supported for many platforms, but some of them are not for some of those platforms. You can run XRV for devices like:
- Meta Quest and Meta Quest 2
- Meta Quest Pro
- Pico XR headsets
- Microsoft HoloLens 2

## In this section

- [Getting started](getting_started.md)
- [Hand menu](hand_menu.md)
- [UI](ui/index.md)
  - [Windows System](ui/windows_system.md)
  - [Tabs control](ui/tabs_control.md)
- [Settings System](settings_system.md)
- [Help System](help_system.md)
- [Voice commands](voice_commands.md)
- [Messaging](messaging.md)
- [Storage](storage.md)
- [Themes System](themes.md)
- [Localization](localization.md)
- [Modules](modules/index.md)
  - [Image Gallery](modules/imageGallery/index.md)
  - [Models Viewer](modules/modelViewer/index.md)
  - [Painter](modules/painter/index.md)
  - [Ruler](modules/ruler/index.md)
  - [Streaming Viewer](modules/streamingviewer/index.md)
  - [Custom Modules](modules/customModule/index.md)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/addons/xrv/index.md, after:

# Extended Reality Viewer (XRV)

---

XRV is a library we use internally while developing custom XR experiences for our customers. It aims to gather in one place various functionalities and features commonly required by the applications we build, such as floating windows, hand menus, voice commands, and more.

![XRV main image](images/main.jpg)

It is based on our own [MRTK add-on](../mrtk/index.md), which means it uses the same input pointers, user controls like buttons or sliders, configuration components, etc. Leveraging this foundation, we have built the entire XRV infrastructure.

Most of the features are supported on many platforms, but some features may not be available on all platforms. You can run XRV on devices like:
- Meta Quest and Meta Quest 2
- Meta Quest Pro
- Pico XR headsets
- Microsoft HoloLens 2

## In this section

- [Getting started](getting_started.md)
- [Hand menu](hand_menu.md)
- [UI](ui/index.md)
  - [Windows System](ui/windows_system.md)
  - [Tabs control](ui/tabs_control.md)
- [Settings System](settings_system.md)
- [Help System](help_system.md)
- [Voice commands](voice_commands.md)
- [Messaging](messaging.md)
- [Storage](storage.md)
- [Themes System](themes.md)
- [Localization](localization.md)
- [Modules](modules/index.md)
  - [Image Gallery](modules/imageGallery/index.md)
  - [Models Viewer](modules/modelViewer/index.md)
  - [Painter](modules/painter/index.md)
  - [Ruler](modules/ruler/index.md)
  - [Streaming Viewer](modules/streamingviewer/index.md)
  - [Custom Modules](modules/customModule/index.md)
