manual/addons/xrv/localization.md, before:

# Localization

If you want to create an application that supports different target languages, you may find useful localization mechanism provided by _XRV_. It scans your assemblies looking for embedded resource files (.resx), and provides a set of _Evergine_ components that let you choose a dictionary name-entry pair for a 3D texts or buttons. Lookup assemblies must be decorated with _EvergineAssembly_ attribute with _UserProject_ or _Extension_ as value.

> [!NOTE]
> In current state, we only support _English_ (fallback) and _Spanish_ as available 
> languages for applications. We plan to add extension points in the future to 
> allow developers adding new languages.

You can easily change current UI culture
```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
localization.CurrentCulture = CultureInfo.GetCultureInfo("es");
```

When culture changes, a _CurrentCultureChangeMessage_ message is published in [PubSub](messaging.md), indicating the value of the new UI culture. It also changes current thread _CurrentUICulture_ and _CurrentCulture_ values.

## Built-in components for localization

We provide a set of components to control localization for button texts and 3D texts:
- **Text3dLocalization**: to have localized text for _Text3DMesh_ components.
- **ButtonLocalization**: you can localize buttons text for entities with _StandardButtonConfigurator_ component.
- **ToggleButtonLocalization**: you can localize toggle buttons text for entities with _ToggleStateManager_ component. You should have one component instance for each one of toggle states.

![localization 3D text sample](images/localization_sample.png)

\
For a toggle button, as we said, you must add one component for each one of toggle states.\
\
![localization toggle button sample](images/localization_sample_toggle.png)

## Get localized string from code

To retrieve a localized string, just use of localization service.
```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var localizedString = this.localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString);
```

### Hand menu buttons

_MenuButtonDescription_ has a way to set localized text for hand menu buttons. If your button is a toggle button, you can also indicate different strings for each one of the 
toggle states.

```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var description = new MenuButtonDescription()
{
    TextOn = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
    TextOff = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
};
```

### Tab items

_TabItem_ lets you to set a _Func<string>_ that will be invoked on first run or when current culture changes.

```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var item = new TabItem()
{
    Name = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
    Contents = this.HelpContent,
};
```

### Window title

_WindowConfigurator_ also uses an specific _Func<string>_ property to have localized text for window title.

```csharp
var windowsSystem = this.xrvService.WindowsSystem;
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var window = windowsSystem.CreateWindow(config => 
{
    config.LocalizedTitle = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
});
```

### Alert dialogs

_WindowsSystem_ API has overload methods for both _ShowAlertDialog_ and _ShowConfirmationDialog_, where you can assign _Func<string>_ callbacks to have localized dialogs.

```csharp
var windowsSystem = this.xrvService.WindowsSystem;
var dialog = windowsSystem.ShowAlertDialog(
    () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyAlertTitle),
    () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyAlertMessage),
    () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyAlertOk));
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/addons/xrv/localization.md, after:

# Localization

If you want to create an application that supports different target languages, you may find the localization mechanism provided by _XRV_ useful. It scans your assemblies for embedded resource files (.resx) and provides a set of _Evergine_ components that let you choose dictionary name-entry pairs for 3D texts or buttons. Lookup assemblies must be decorated with the _EvergineAssembly_ attribute with _UserProject_ or _Extension_ as the value.

> [!NOTE]
> In its current state, we only support _English_ (fallback) and _Spanish_ as available 
> languages for applications. We plan to add extension points in the future to 
> allow developers to add new languages.

You can easily change the current UI culture:
```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
localization.CurrentCulture = CultureInfo.GetCultureInfo("es");
```

When the culture changes, a _CurrentCultureChangeMessage_ is published in [PubSub](messaging.md), indicating the value of the new UI culture. It also changes the current thread's _CurrentUICulture_ and _CurrentCulture_ values.

## Built-in Components for Localization

We provide a set of components to control localization for button texts and 3D texts:
- **Text3dLocalization**: For localized text in _Text3DMesh_ components.
- **ButtonLocalization**: To localize button text for entities with the _StandardButtonConfigurator_ component.
- **ToggleButtonLocalization**: To localize toggle button text for entities with the _ToggleStateManager_ component. You should have one component instance for each of the toggle states.

![localization 3D text sample](images/localization_sample.png)

For a toggle button, as we mentioned, you must add one component for each of the toggle states.
\
\
![localization toggle button sample](images/localization_sample_toggle.png)

## Get Localized String from Code

To retrieve a localized string, use the localization service.
```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var localizedString = this.localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString);
```

### Hand Menu Buttons

_MenuButtonDescription_ provides a way to set localized text for hand menu buttons. If your button is a toggle button, you can also indicate different strings for each toggle state.

```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var description = new MenuButtonDescription()
{
    TextOn = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
    TextOff = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
};
```

### Tab Items

_TabItem_ lets you set a _Func<string>_ that will be invoked on the first run or when the current culture changes.

```csharp
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var item = new TabItem()
{
    Name = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
    Contents = this.HelpContent,
};
```

### Window Title

_WindowConfigurator_ also uses a specific _Func<string>_ property to provide localized text for the window title.

```csharp
var windowsSystem = this.xrvService.WindowsSystem;
var localization = this.xrvService.Localization;
var window = windowsSystem.CreateWindow(config => 
{
    config.LocalizedTitle = () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyString),
});
```

### Alert Dialogs

The _WindowsSystem_ API has overload methods for both _ShowAlertDialog_ and _ShowConfirmationDialog_, where you can assign _Func<string>_ callbacks to provide localized dialogs.

```csharp
var windowsSystem = this.xrvService.WindowsSystem;
var dialog = windowsSystem.ShowAlertDialog(
    () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyAlertTitle),
    () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyAlertMessage),
    () => localization.GetString(() => Resources.Strings.MyAlertOk));
```
