manual/addons/xrv/storage.md, before:

# Storage

If you need an external repository to load your models, images or other type of files, that are required by your application, you can take a look to what _XRV_ offers about files storage. Base class for storage systems is _FileAccess_ class, that can be extended to create specific implementations for a full CRUD access to files in a repository or folder. 

## File access

We provide a set implementations for _FileAccess_ that we are going to enumerate. Following set of methods will be available when using any file access instance from code.

| Method | Description |
| ------ | ------------------- |
| **ClearAsync** | Clears all files and directories. |
| **CreateBaseDirectoryIfNotExistsAsync** | Ensure that base directory defined by _BaseDirectory_ exits. If it does not exists, directory is created. |
| **CreateDirectoryAsync** | Creates a directory, indicated by relative path. |
| **DeleteDirectoryAsync** | Deletes a directory, indicated by relative path. |
| **DeleteFileAsync** | Deletes a file, indicated by relative path. |
| **GetFileAsync** | Gets file contents by relative path. |
| **GetFileItemAsync** | Gets file metadata by relative path. |
| **EnumerateDirectoriesAsync** | Enumerates directories existing in base directory or in a relative directory path. |
| **EnumerateFilesAsync** | Enumerates files existing in base directory or in a relative directory path. |
| **ExistsDirectoryAsync** | Checks if a directory, indicated by relative path, exits or not. |
| **WriteFileAsync** | Writes file contents by relative path. |

### Local application data folder storage
This is implemented by _ApplicationDataFileAccess_, which sets as base path the value of _System.Environment.SpecialFolder.LocalApplicationData_, that can change depending on target platform. If, you create a new file access instance of this type, just set _BaseDirectory_ value to a name for a base directory for that instance. You can use this file access as data cache or to create temporary files needed by your application, but may not be externally available depending on target platform.

```csharp
var fileAccess = new ApplicationDataFileAccess()
{
    BaseDirectory = "my-folder",
};
```
> [!NOTE]
> We use some folders internally, so be careful and do not use a _"cache_" as base directory name.

### Azure Blobs data storage
You can also use _Azure Blob Storage_ as data source to download files required by your application. Only thing you need is to add some storage account configuration settings when instancing a file access of this type. You may find different static methods to create instances, depending on set of configuration data you want to provide.

Please, note that some directory methods may not work for this file access, as _Azure Blob Storage_ does not have the concept of _directory_. When using SAS, remember that you should add appropiate permissions to the token, if you want full CRUD access to blobs.

```csharp
var fileAccess = AzureBlobFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("Storage account connection string", "Container name"); //or
var fileAccess = AzureBlobFileAccess.CreateFromUri("https://<ACCOUNT>.blob.core.windows.net/container?sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&..."); // Container URI containing SAS (or without SAS for public containers, if you need read-only operations)
var fileAccess = AzureBlobFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("https://<ACCOUNT>.blob.core.windows.net/container", "sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&...");  // Container URI with separated SAS
```

### Azure Files data storage
We have support for other service, _Azure Files_ that you can use. In the same way, you need to specify connection configuration data to make. You may find different static methods to create instances, depending on set of configuration data you want to provide. 

```csharp
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("Storage account connection string", "Share name"); //or
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromUri("https://<ACCOUNT>.file.core.windows.net/share?sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&..."); // Share URI containing SAS
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("https://<ACCOUNT>.file.core.windows.net/share", "sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&...");  // Share URI with separated SAS
```

## Disk cache

Any _FileAccess_ can use an optional cache, that will check for files locally instead of downloading them again. To activate caching for a file access, just create an instance of _DiskCache_ and assign it.

```csharp
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromUri(...);
fileAccess.Cache = new DiskCache("images"); // indicate an unique cache name for your needs
```

For cache, you can specify following settings.

| Property | Description |
| ------ | ------------------- |
| SizeLimit | Cache size limit. Defaults to 100 MB. |
| SlidingExpiration | Maximum time an item remains in cache without being accessed.  |

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/addons/xrv/storage.md, after:

# Storage

If you need an external repository to load your models, images, or other types of files required by your application, you can take a look at what _XRV_ offers regarding file storage. The base class for storage systems is the _FileAccess_ class, which can be extended to create specific implementations for full CRUD access to files in a repository or folder.

## File Access

We provide a set of implementations for _FileAccess_ that we will enumerate. The following set of methods will be available when using any file access instance from code.

| Method | Description |
| ------ | ------------------- |
| **ClearAsync** | Clears all files and directories. |
| **CreateBaseDirectoryIfNotExistsAsync** | Ensures that the base directory defined by _BaseDirectory_ exists. If it does not exist, the directory is created. |
| **CreateDirectoryAsync** | Creates a directory, indicated by a relative path. |
| **DeleteDirectoryAsync** | Deletes a directory, indicated by a relative path. |
| **DeleteFileAsync** | Deletes a file, indicated by a relative path. |
| **GetFileAsync** | Gets file contents by relative path. |
| **GetFileItemAsync** | Gets file metadata by relative path. |
| **EnumerateDirectoriesAsync** | Enumerates directories existing in the base directory or a relative directory path. |
| **EnumerateFilesAsync** | Enumerates files existing in the base directory or a relative directory path. |
| **ExistsDirectoryAsync** | Checks if a directory, indicated by a relative path, exists or not. |
| **WriteFileAsync** | Writes file contents by relative path. |

### Local Application Data Folder Storage

This is implemented by _ApplicationDataFileAccess_, which sets the base path to the value of _System.Environment.SpecialFolder.LocalApplicationData_, which can change depending on the target platform. If you create a new file access instance of this type, just set the _BaseDirectory_ value to a name for a base directory for that instance. You can use this file access as a data cache or to create temporary files needed by your application. However, these files may not be externally available depending on the target platform.

```csharp
var fileAccess = new ApplicationDataFileAccess()
{
    BaseDirectory = "my-folder",
};
```
> [!NOTE]
> We use some folders internally, so be careful and do not use _"cache"_ as the base directory name.

### Azure Blob Data Storage

You can also use _Azure Blob Storage_ as a data source to download files required by your application. The only thing you need to do is add some storage account configuration settings when instantiating a file access of this type. You may find different static methods to create instances, depending on the set of configuration data you want to provide.

Please note that some directory methods may not work for this file access, as _Azure Blob Storage_ does not have the concept of _directories_. When using SAS, remember that you should add appropriate permissions to the token if you want full CRUD access to blobs.

```csharp
var fileAccess = AzureBlobFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("Storage account connection string", "Container name"); //or
var fileAccess = AzureBlobFileAccess.CreateFromUri("https://<ACCOUNT>.blob.core.windows.net/container?sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&..."); // Container URI containing SAS (or without SAS for public containers, if you need read-only operations)
var fileAccess = AzureBlobFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("https://<ACCOUNT>.blob.core.windows.net/container", "sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&...");  // Container URI with separated SAS
```

### Azure Files Data Storage

We also support another service, _Azure Files_, that you can use. Similarly, you need to specify connection configuration data. You may find different static methods to create instances, depending on the set of configuration data you want to provide.

```csharp
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("Storage account connection string", "Share name"); //or
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromUri("https://<ACCOUNT>.file.core.windows.net/share?sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&..."); // Share URI containing SAS
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromConnectionString("https://<ACCOUNT>.file.core.windows.net/share", "sv=2021-08-06&st=2022-11-18T15%3A07%3A20Z&...");  // Share URI with separated SAS
```

## Disk Cache

Any _FileAccess_ can use an optional cache, which will check for files locally instead of downloading them again. To activate caching for a file access, just create an instance of _DiskCache_ and assign it.

```csharp
var fileAccess = AzureFileShareFileAccess.CreateFromUri(...);
fileAccess.Cache = new DiskCache("images"); // indicate a unique cache name for your needs
```

For caching, you can specify the following settings.

| Property | Description |
| ------ | ------------------- |
| SizeLimit | Cache size limit. Defaults to 100 MB. |
| SlidingExpiration | Maximum time an item remains in cache without being accessed. |
