manual/physics/colliders/index.md, before:

# Colliders
---

![Colliders](imges/../images/colliders.png)

**Colliders** are used to define the physical shape of a [Physic Body](../physics_bodies/index.md). Colliders are invisible and don't need to be the exact same shape as the object mesh and in a fact, a rough approximation is often more efficient and indistinguishable in your application.

Evergine provides various collider types, such as Box, Sphere or Capsule. Using simple collider shapes helps with application performance optimizations. However, if you need more detailed and exact collision for your object, use the Mesh collider.


## Physics Bodies and Colliders

As we mentioned before in [Physics Bodies](../physics_bodies/index.md) section. A Collider needs a Physic Body to be attached, and a Physic Body itself needs Colliders to define their shape.

**A Physic Body search their attached collider in their child hierarchy**, including the owner's entity of the physic body. This also implies that a **Physic Body could have multiple colliders attached** to it.

### Simple shapes

![Simple Body](images/body_collider_simple.png)

This is the most common scenario. Your entity has a Physic Body component (`RigidBody3D` in that case), and one or more colliders attached to the same entity (`BoxCollider3D` in that case).

### Compound shapes

![Complex Body](images/body_collider_hierarchy.png)

This is another possible scenario. In that case we have an entity hierarchy. In that case, the parent entity has a `StaticBody3D` component, and we have added several entities containing several colliders (a `BoxCollider3D` and a `SphereCollider3D`).

This cause that the final shape of the body is compounded of all attached colliders. 

> [!TIP]
> As a rule of thumb, create a physical body when you want to interact with it indistinguishable of other bodies. For example, to capture collision events.

## In this section
* [Box Collider](box_collider.md)
* [Sphere Collider](sphere_collider.md)
* [Capsule Collider](capsule_collider.md)
* [Cylinder Collider](cylinder_collider.md)
* [Cone Collider](cone_collider.md)
* [Mesh Collider](mesh_collider.md)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/physics/colliders/index.md, after:

# Colliders
---

![Colliders](imges/../images/colliders.png)

**Colliders** are used to define the physical shape of a [Physics Body](../physics_bodies/index.md). Colliders are invisible and don't need to be the exact same shape as the object's mesh. In fact, a rough approximation is often more efficient and indistinguishable in your application.

Evergine provides various collider types, such as Box, Sphere, or Capsule. Using simple collider shapes helps with application performance optimizations. However, if you need more detailed and exact collision for your object, use the Mesh collider.

## Physics Bodies and Colliders

As mentioned in the [Physics Bodies](../physics_bodies/index.md) section, a Collider needs a Physics Body to be attached, and a Physics Body itself needs Colliders to define its shape.

**A Physics Body searches for its attached colliders in its child hierarchy**, including the owner's entity of the physics body. This also implies that a **Physics Body could have multiple colliders attached** to it.

### Simple shapes

![Simple Body](images/body_collider_simple.png)

This is the most common scenario. Your entity has a Physics Body component (`RigidBody3D` in this case), and one or more colliders attached to the same entity (`BoxCollider3D` in this case).

### Compound shapes

![Complex Body](images/body_collider_hierarchy.png)

This is another possible scenario. In this case, we have an entity hierarchy. The parent entity has a `StaticBody3D` component, and we have added several entities containing several colliders (a `BoxCollider3D` and a `SphereCollider3D`).

This causes the final shape of the body to be composed of all attached colliders.

> [!TIP]
> As a rule of thumb, create a physical body when you want to interact with it independently of other bodies, for example, to capture collision events.

## In this section
* [Box Collider](box_collider.md)
* [Sphere Collider](sphere_collider.md)
* [Capsule Collider](capsule_collider.md)
* [Cylinder Collider](cylinder_collider.md)
* [Cone Collider](cone_collider.md)
* [Mesh Collider](mesh_collider.md)
