manual/graphics/environment/environment_manager.md, before:

# Environment Manager

![Environment Manager](images/environment.png)

The **EnvironmentManager** is a [SceneManager](../../basics/scenes/scenemanagers.md) responsible to control and provide the Environmental lighting of the scene.


## EnvironmentManager

![EnvironmentManager](images/environmentmanager.png)

| Properties | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **IntensityMultiplier** | 1.0 | This value modify the overall intensity of the environmental lighting. Useful to increase or reduce the IBL intensity. *This property doesn't affect regular Lights (DirectionalLights, PointLights, etc...).* |
| **IBLReflectionProbe** | scene probe | This is the `ReflectionProbe` instance used in the EnvironmentManager. This class contains the IBL textures and information. |
| **Strategy** | `Automatically` | This property indicate to Evergine Studio how often the Environment will be generated. <ul><li>**Automatically:** Evergine Studio updates automatically the scene IBL every time that detects that it need to be updated (Sun direction changes, skybox material changes, etc...)</li><li>**OnDemand:** Only updates the scene IBL on demand, when the user want it. When this option is selected, a `Generate` button appears. Clicking this button force Evergine Studio to recreate the scene IBL.</li></ul>|

## "Skybox" entity tag

By default, Evergine Studio creates automatically a environmental light for each scene. To do this, they create a cubemap from the (0,0,0) position, and will include all [entities](../../basics/component_arch/entities/index.md) with the "Skybox" as Tag property.

When you creates a new scene in Evergine Studio, it will create by default a Sphere Dome entity called "SkyAtmosphere", which render a sky environment controlled by a DirectionalLight marked as Sun.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/environment/environment_manager.md, after:

# Environment Manager

![Environment Manager](images/environment.png)

The **EnvironmentManager** is a [SceneManager](../../basics/scenes/scenemanagers.md) responsible for controlling and providing the environmental lighting of the scene.

## EnvironmentManager

![EnvironmentManager](images/environmentmanager.png)

| Properties            | Default           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|-----------------------|-------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **IntensityMultiplier** | 1.0               | This value modifies the overall intensity of the environmental lighting. It is useful for increasing or reducing the IBL intensity. *This property doesn't affect regular Lights (DirectionalLights, PointLights, etc...).*                                                                 |
| **IBLReflectionProbe**  | scene probe       | This is the `ReflectionProbe` instance used in the EnvironmentManager. This class contains the IBL textures and information.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Strategy**            | `Automatically`   | This property indicates to Evergine Studio how often the Environment will be generated. <ul><li>**Automatically:** Evergine Studio updates the scene IBL automatically every time it detects that an update is needed (Sun direction changes, skybox material changes, etc...)</li><li>**OnDemand:** Only updates the scene IBL on demand, when the user wants it. When this option is selected, a `Generate` button appears. Clicking this button forces Evergine Studio to recreate the scene IBL.</li></ul> |

## "Skybox" entity tag

By default, Evergine Studio automatically creates environmental lighting for each scene. To do this, it creates a cubemap from the (0,0,0) position and includes all [entities](../../basics/component_arch/entities/index.md) with the "Skybox" tag property.

When you create a new scene in Evergine Studio, it will by default create a Sphere Dome entity called "SkyAtmosphere," which renders a sky environment controlled by a DirectionalLight marked as Sun.
