manual/graphics/environment/index.md, before:

# Environment
---

![Environment](images/environment.png)

In this section we will cover how you can control in Evergine the environmental light.

## Image Based Lighting (IBL)

**Image Based lighting (IBL)** is a rendering technique which involves capturing an omnidirectional representation of real-world light information as an image, typically using a 360° camera. This image is then projected onto a dome or sphere analogously to environment mapping, and this is used to simulate the lighting for the objects in the scene. This allows highly detailed real-world lighting to be used to light a scene, instead of trying to accurately model illumination using an existing rendering technique.

Image-based lighting often uses **high-dynamic-range** (HDR) imaging for greater realism.

![IBL](images/ibl.jpg)


IBL involves the creation of two lighting components:
- **Irradiance map** (Diffuse): For the diffuse illumination, we need what is called an Irradiance Map. This usually involves a cubemap (or Spherical Harmonics) that stores the amount of light coming from each direction.
- **Radiance map** (Specular): Now, when we get to specular illumination, we need a texture called  **Pre-filtered Mip-Mapped Radiance Environment Map (PMREM)**. This is another cubemap that pre-calculate the reflected environment. An as an addition, it store in its MipMap levels different reflections for roughness values. ![radiance](umages/../images/ibl_prefilter_map.png) [*Credits LearnOpenGL*](https://learnopengl.com/PBR/IBL/Specular-IBL)

Evergine will use Image Based Lighting to create environmental illumination.

## In this section

* [Environment Manager](environment_manager.md)
* [Sky Atmosphere](sky_atmosphere.md)
* [Environment Textures](environment_textures.md)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/environment/index.md, after:

# Environment
---

![Environment](images/environment.png)

In this section, we will cover how you can control the environmental light in Evergine.

## Image Based Lighting (IBL)

**Image Based Lighting (IBL)** is a rendering technique that involves capturing an omnidirectional representation of real-world light information as an image, typically using a 360° camera. This image is then projected onto a dome or sphere, similar to environment mapping, and is used to simulate the lighting for objects in the scene. This allows highly detailed real-world lighting to be used to light a scene instead of trying to accurately model illumination using an existing rendering technique.

Image-based lighting often uses **high-dynamic-range** (HDR) imaging for greater realism.

![IBL](images/ibl.jpg)

IBL involves the creation of two lighting components:
- **Irradiance map** (Diffuse): For the diffuse illumination, we need what is called an Irradiance Map. This usually involves a cubemap (or Spherical Harmonics) that stores the amount of light coming from each direction.
- **Radiance map** (Specular): For specular illumination, we need a texture called **Pre-filtered Mip-Mapped Radiance Environment Map (PMREM)**. This is another cubemap that pre-calculates the reflected environment. Additionally, it stores different reflections for various roughness values in its MipMap levels. ![radiance](images/ibl_prefilter_map.png) [*Credits LearnOpenGL*](https://learnopengl.com/PBR/IBL/Specular-IBL)

Evergine will use Image Based Lighting to create environmental illumination.

## In this section

* [Environment Manager](environment_manager.md)
* [Sky Atmosphere](sky_atmosphere.md)
* [Environment Textures](environment_textures.md)
