manual/graphics/supported_backends/directx12.md, before:

# DirectX 12

![Microsoft DirectX12 API](images/directx12.jpg)

**DirectX12** is the latest **Microsoft** graphics API available on all devices running Windows 10/11.
**Microsoft** announced this version at GDC on March 20 2014, and was officially launched alongside Windows 10 on July 29 2015.
At October 2 2018 the DirectX Raytracing support was added to the API and it become very popular quickly and currently all the latest GPUs from Nvidia and AMD come with Raytracing support which is supported on **Evergine** low level API so **DirectX12** support **Evergine** raytracing API.

## Supported DirectX 12 devices

* Windows 10/11 x64/x86 desktop
* Windows 10/11 ARM64/x86 tablet

## Checking DirectX 12 version

The DxDiag tool reports detailed information about the DirectX components and drivers installed on your Windows system and it is available on Windows 10/11.
To get the latest DirectX version on your system used Windows update.

For more information visit [Microsoft support.](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/checking-your-version-of-directx-7b71e74f-02e8-456f-72c7-9a1c1bbf0e9a)

## Create a Graphics Context

To create a graphics context based on **DirectX12** just write:

```csharp
GraphicsContext graphicsContext = new Evergine.DirectX12.DX12GraphicsContext();
graphicsContext.CreateDevice();
```

## Build & Run

You can select **DirectX 12** API support during the new project creation from the **Evergine** launcher.

If the project already exists you can add the **DirectX 12** support from **Evergine Studio** by clicking on Settings -> Project Settings.

![Settings](images/dx12_support_0.jpg)

Selecting and adding the profile for Windows (DirectX12).

![Settings](images/dx12_support_1.jpg)

![Settings](images/dx12_support_2.jpg)

You can run on **DirectX 12** by clicking on File -> Build & Run -> Windows.DirectX12.

![Settings](images/dx12_support_3.jpg)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/supported_backends/directx12.md, after:

# DirectX 12

![Microsoft DirectX12 API](images/directx12.jpg)

**DirectX 12** is the latest **Microsoft** graphics API available on all devices running Windows 10/11. **Microsoft** announced this version at GDC on March 20, 2014, and it was officially launched alongside Windows 10 on July 29, 2015. On October 2, 2018, DirectX Raytracing support was added to the API. It quickly became popular, and currently, all the latest GPUs from Nvidia and AMD come with Raytracing support. This is also supported on the **Evergine** low-level API, so **DirectX 12** supports **Evergine's** raytracing API.

## Supported DirectX 12 devices

* Windows 10/11 x64/x86 desktop
* Windows 10/11 ARM64/x86 tablet

## Checking DirectX 12 version

The DxDiag tool reports detailed information about the DirectX components and drivers installed on your Windows system. It is available on Windows 10/11. To get the latest DirectX version on your system, use Windows Update.

For more information, visit [Microsoft support.](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/checking-your-version-of-directx-7b71e74f-02e8-456f-72c7-9a1c1bbf0e9a)

## Create a Graphics Context

To create a graphics context based on **DirectX 12**, simply write:

```csharp
GraphicsContext graphicsContext = new Evergine.DirectX12.DX12GraphicsContext();
graphicsContext.CreateDevice();
```

## Build & Run

You can select **DirectX 12** API support during the new project creation from the **Evergine** launcher.

If the project already exists, you can add **DirectX 12** support from **Evergine Studio** by clicking on Settings -> Project Settings.

![Settings](images/dx12_support_0.jpg)

Select and add the profile for Windows (DirectX 12).

![Settings](images/dx12_support_1.jpg)

![Settings](images/dx12_support_2.jpg)

You can run on **DirectX 12** by clicking on File -> Build & Run -> Windows.DirectX12.

![Settings](images/dx12_support_3.jpg)
