manual/graphics/particles/particles_editor.md, before:

# Particle System Editor
![Particles Editor](images/particles_editor.png)

**Particle system Editor** allows the editing of particle system assets. Double click over a **Particle System** asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of 4 main parts:


## Viewport
Shows the **Particle System** with the current configuration. The user can orbit, zoom and pan the camera.
![Particles Viewport](images/particles_viewport.png)



| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| Left mouse button | To rotate the camera around the particle system. |
| Right mouse button | To rotate two lights around the particle system. |
| Mouse wheel | To make zoom in/out camera. |

## Toolbar

![Toolbar controls](images/particles_toolbar.png)

Helps with the model visualization. Has the following options:

| Item | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![toggle grid](images/toggleGrid.png) | Toggles the **Grid** visualization. |
| ![toggle_gizmo](Images/toggle_gizmo.png) | Toggles the **Emitter shape gizmo** visualization.  |
| ![bounding box](Images/toggle_force_cpu.png) | Forces particles simulation to be made using **CPU** instead of **GPU** when this option is activated, even when GPU particles are available.|
| ![reset camera](Images/resetCameraIcon.png) | Resets the camera position.|
| ![change background](Images/changeBackground.png) | Changes the background color.|

##Playback controls

![Simulation controls](images/particle_simulation_controls.png)

This bar controls some aspect of the particle simulation life.

| Control | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![reset](images/reset_icon.png)| Resets the particle system. |
| ![play](images/play_icon.png) / ![stop](images/stop_icon.png)  | The timeline slider. The handle will mark the current time in the animation, and its position can be modified. |
| ![Time factor](Images/time_factor.png) | Controls the **Time Factor** of the particle system. The same behavior of the **Particles Component** property.|

## Particles Properties
Panel with all the **Particle System** properties. They don't depend on the profile.

![Particles Properties](images/particles_properties.png)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/particles/particles_editor.md, after:

# Particle System Editor
![Particles Editor](images/particles_editor.png)

The **Particle System Editor** allows the editing of particle system assets. Double-clicking on a **Particle System** asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of 4 main parts:

## Viewport
Shows the **Particle System** with the current configuration. The user can orbit, zoom, and pan the camera.
![Particles Viewport](images/particles_viewport.png)

| Actions | Description |
|---------| ----------- |
| Left mouse button | Rotates the camera around the particle system. |
| Right mouse button | Rotates two lights around the particle system. |
| Mouse wheel | Zooms the camera in/out. |

## Toolbar
![Toolbar controls](images/particles_toolbar.png)

Helps with the model visualization. It includes the following options:

| Item | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![toggle grid](images/toggleGrid.png) | Toggles the **Grid** visualization. |
| ![toggle_gizmo](Images/toggle_gizmo.png) | Toggles the **Emitter shape gizmo** visualization. |
| ![bounding box](Images/toggle_force_cpu.png) | Forces particle simulation to use the **CPU** instead of the **GPU** when this option is activated, even if GPU particles are available. |
| ![reset camera](Images/resetCameraIcon.png) | Resets the camera position. |
| ![change background](Images/changeBackground.png) | Changes the background color. |

## Playback Controls
![Simulation controls](images/particle_simulation_controls.png)

This bar controls some aspects of the particle simulation life.

| Control | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![reset](images/reset_icon.png) | Resets the particle system. |
| ![play](images/play_icon.png) / ![stop](images/stop_icon.png) | The timeline slider. The handle marks the current time in the animation, and its position can be modified. |
| ![Time factor](Images/time_factor.png) | Controls the **Time Factor** of the particle system, similar to the **Particles Component** property. |

## Particle Properties
A panel with all the **Particle System** properties. These properties do not depend on the profile.

![Particles Properties](images/particles_properties.png)
