manual/graphics/particles/using_particles.md, before:

# Using Particles

![Particles header](images/particles.jpg)

In this document you will learn how to load and use **Particle Systems** in your applications.

## How to create particle systems from Evergine Studio.

For instantiating a **Particle System** into a **Scene** just drag the particle system asset from the *Asset Details Panel* into  your **Scene**.

![Dragging a Particle System](images/drag_particles.jpg)

This will create a new entity the **Scene**.

![New Particle System](images/new_particles.jpg)

The new created entity has a **Transform3D** component and 2 new components:

#### ParticlesComponent

This component loads the **Particle System** asset and manages its simulation and resources.

It has the following methods:

| Property | Description |
| --------- | --------- |--------------- |
| **StartEmitting ()**  | Starts the particle system emission if it was stopped |
| **StopEmitting ()**  | Stops the particle system emission if it was already emitting |
| **Reset ()**  | Resets all the particles to its initial state |

And the following properties:

| Property | Type |Description |
| --------- | --------- |--------------- |
| **ParticleSystem**  | _ParticleSystem_ | Selects the particle system asset into this entity.
| **Force CPU Particles** | _boolean_| Forces the particle system to use a CPU simulation, even if the platform supports GPU particles. _(false by default)_
| **Emit Automatically** | _boolean_ | When _true_, starts emitting particles when the scene is loaded. If _false_ it will be idle until it's manually started. _(true by default)_
| **Life Factor** | _float_ | Factor applied to the life time of the particle. 2 will cause particles life reduced by half. _(1 by default)_
| **Time Factor** | _float_ | Time factor applied to the **whole particle simulation**. A value of 2 will cause particles move at double speed, while 0.5 will slow down particles to half speed. _(1 by default)_

## Load Particle System from code
The following sample code can be used to create a new Particle force entity in your scene.
```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    // Load Particle System
    ParticleSystem particlesAsset = this.Managers.AssetSceneManager.Load<ParticleSystem>(EvergineContent.Particles.MyParticleSystem);

    // Apply to an entity
    Entity particlesEntity = new Entity()
    .AddComponent(new Transform3D())
    .AddComponent(new ParticlesComponent() 
    { 
        ParticleSystem = particlesAsset 
    })
    .AddComponent(new ParticlesRenderer());

    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(particlesEntity);
}
```

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/particles/using_particles.md, after:

# Using Particles

![Particles header](images/particles.jpg)

In this document, you will learn how to load and use **Particle Systems** in your applications.

## How to create particle systems from Evergine Studio

To instantiate a **Particle System** in a **Scene**, simply drag the particle system asset from the *Asset Details Panel* into your **Scene**.

![Dragging a Particle System](images/drag_particles.jpg)

This will create a new entity in the **Scene**.

![New Particle System](images/new_particles.jpg)

The newly created entity has a **Transform3D** component and two new components:

#### ParticlesComponent

This component loads the **Particle System** asset and manages its simulation and resources.

It has the following methods:

| Property | Description |
| --------- | --------- |--------------- |
| **StartEmitting ()**  | Starts the particle system emission if it was stopped |
| **StopEmitting ()**  | Stops the particle system emission if it was already emitting |
| **Reset ()**  | Resets all particles to their initial state |

And the following properties:

| Property | Type | Description |
| --------- | --------- |--------------- |
| **ParticleSystem**  | _ParticleSystem_ | Selects the particle system asset for this entity.
| **Force CPU Particles** | _boolean_ | Forces the particle system to use CPU simulation, even if the platform supports GPU particles. _(false by default)_
| **Emit Automatically** | _boolean_ | When _true_, starts emitting particles when the scene is loaded. If _false_, it will be idle until it is manually started. _(true by default)_
| **Life Factor** | _float_ | Factor applied to the lifetime of the particles. A value of 2 will cause the particles' life to be reduced by half. _(1 by default)_
| **Time Factor** | _float_ | Time factor applied to the **whole particle simulation**. A value of 2 will cause particles to move at double speed, while 0.5 will slow down particles to half speed. _(1 by default)_

## Load Particle System from code

The following sample code can be used to create a new Particle force entity in your scene.

```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    // Load Particle System
    ParticleSystem particlesAsset = this.Managers.AssetSceneManager.Load<ParticleSystem>(EvergineContent.Particles.MyParticleSystem);

    // Apply to an entity
    Entity particlesEntity = new Entity()
    .AddComponent(new Transform3D())
    .AddComponent(new ParticlesComponent() 
    { 
        ParticleSystem = particlesAsset 
    })
    .AddComponent(new ParticlesRenderer());

    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(particlesEntity);
}
```
