manual/graphics/models/model_editor.md, before:

# Model Editor
![Model Editor](images/ModelEditor.jpg)

**Model Editor** allows the editing of model assets. Double click over a **Model** asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of 5 main parts:

## Viewport
Shows the **Model** with the current configuration. If the model is animated, it will show the current animation state of the *animation toolbar*.

## Toolbar

![Toolbar controls](Images/modelToolbar.png)

Helps with the model visualization. Has the following options:

| Item | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![toggle grid](Images/toggleGrid.png) | Toggles the **Grid** visualization. |
| ![solid](Images/solidIcon.png) /  ![wireframe](Images/wireframeIcon.png)| <p>Toggles the visualization from **Solid** (default) to **Wireframe**. </p> ![Wireframe](Images/wireframe.png) |
| ![bounding box](Images/boundingBoxIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **Bounding box** visualization of the model.</p> ![bounding box](Images/boundingBox.png)|
| ![hierarchy](Images/hierarchyIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **Hierarchy** visualization of the model.</p> ![bounding box](Images/hierarchy.png)|
| ![normals](Images/normalIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **normals** visualization of the vertices.</p> ![bounding box](Images/normals.png)|
| ![uv](Images/uvCheckerIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **UV checker** visualization of the model.</p> ![bounding box](Images/checker.png)|
| ![reset camera](Images/resetCameraIcon.png) | Resets the camera position.|
| ![change background](Images/changeBackground.png) | Changes the background color.|

##Playback controls

![Playback controls](Images/playbackToolbar.png)

In case that the model has animations, the *Playback Toolbar* allows to play the selected clip.

| Control | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![play](Images/playIcon.png) /  ![stop](Images/stopIcon.png)| Plays / Stop the current clip animationS. |
| ![timeline](Images/slider.png) | The timeline slider. The handle will mark the current time in the animation, and its position can be modified. |
| ![speed](Images/velocity.png) | Controls the **Speed Factor** of the reproduction. By default is **1.00**. |

## Properties
Panel with all the **Model** properties. They don't depend on the profile.

| Property | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **SwapSwindingOrder** | Flips the normals of the model when activated..
| **GenerateTangentSpace** | When checked will generate the tangent coordinates of every vertex. Useful when dealing with normal mapping.
| **ExportAnimations** | For exporting the animation information of the model.
| **ExportAsRaw**| Will export the model as the source file (`.fbx` for example), instead of creating a binary **Evergine** asset..

## Animation clip properties
For every animation contained in the model, it will show the following information.

| Property | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| Index | The animation order. |
| Name | the name of the clip. This string will be used in the **Animation3D** when we want to play the animation.
| Duration | Timestamp of the duration.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/models/model_editor.md, after:

# Model Editor
![Model Editor](images/ModelEditor.jpg)

The **Model Editor** allows the editing of model assets. Double-clicking a **Model** asset shown in [Assets Details](../../evergine_studio/interface.md) will open this editor. The editor is composed of five main parts:

## Viewport
Shows the **Model** with the current configuration. If the model is animated, it will show the current animation state on the *animation toolbar*.

## Toolbar

![Toolbar controls](Images/modelToolbar.png)

Assists with the model visualization. It has the following options:

| Item | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![toggle grid](Images/toggleGrid.png) | Toggles the **Grid** visualization. |
| ![solid](Images/solidIcon.png) /  ![wireframe](Images/wireframeIcon.png)| <p>Toggles the visualization from **Solid** (default) to **Wireframe**. </p> ![Wireframe](Images/wireframe.png) |
| ![bounding box](Images/boundingBoxIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **Bounding box** visualization of the model.</p> ![Bounding Box](Images/boundingBox.png) |
| ![hierarchy](Images/hierarchyIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **Hierarchy** visualization of the model.</p> ![Hierarchy](Images/hierarchy.png) |
| ![normals](Images/normalIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **Normals** visualization of the vertices.</p> ![Normals](Images/normals.png) |
| ![uv](Images/uvCheckerIcon.png) | <p>Toggles the **UV checker** visualization of the model.</p> ![UV Checker](Images/checker.png) |
| ![reset camera](Images/resetCameraIcon.png) | Resets the camera position. |
| ![change background](Images/changeBackground.png) | Changes the background color. |

## Playback Controls

![Playback controls](Images/playbackToolbar.png)

If the model has animations, the *Playback Toolbar* allows playing the selected clip.

| Control | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| ![play](Images/playIcon.png) /  ![stop](Images/stopIcon.png) | Plays / Stops the current clip animations. |
| ![timeline](Images/slider.png) | The timeline slider. The handle will mark the current time in the animation, and its position can be modified. |
| ![speed](Images/velocity.png) | Controls the **Speed Factor** of the reproduction. The default is **1.00**. |

## Properties
Panel with all the **Model** properties. They don't depend on the profile.

| Property | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Swap Swinding Order** | Flips the normals of the model when activated. |
| **Generate Tangent Space** | When checked, generates the tangent coordinates of every vertex. Useful when dealing with normal mapping. |
| **Export Animations** | For exporting the animation information of the model. |
| **Export As Raw** | Will export the model as the source file (e.g., `.fbx`), instead of creating a binary **Evergine** asset.

## Animation Clip Properties
For every animation contained in the model, the following information will be shown:

| Property | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| Index | The animation order. |
| Name | The name of the clip. This string will be used in the **Animation3D** when we want to play the animation. |
| Duration | Timestamp of the duration.
