manual/graphics/models/using_models.md, before:

# Using Models

![Models header](images/usingModels.jpg)

In this document you will learn how to load and use **Models** in your applications.

## Load Model from code
The following sample code can be used to instantiate an existing **Model** asset (`camera.fbx` in this case) into your scene, creating a entity hierarchy.

```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    var assetsService = Application.Current.Container.Resolve<AssetsService>();

    // Load Model assets
    Model cameraModel = assetsService.Load<Model>(EvergineContent.Models.Camera_fbx);

    // Apply to an entity
    Entity camera = cameraModel.InstantiateModelHierarchy(assetsService);

    // Alternatively this method accepts the name of the root entity.
    Entity camera = cameraModel.InstantiateModelHierarchy("coolCamera", assetsService);

    // Adds the entity into the scene.
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(camera);
}
```

## How to create models from Evergine Studio.

For instantiating a **Model** into a **Scene** just drag the model asset from the *Asset Details Panel* into  your **Scene**.

![Dragging a Model](images/DragModel.jpg)

This will instantiate a full hierarchy of entities into the **Scene**.

![New Model](images/NewModel.jpg)

The new created hiearchy has the next kind of entities:

| Node Type | Description |
| --------- | --------------- |
| **Root**  | The root node of the hierarchy. If the model contains animation this entity will contain the **Animation3D** component.
| **Node** | Nodes without geometry attached. They are empty entities with just a **Transform3D** with the specific position, scale and orientation.
| **Mesh** | <div><p>Node that contains geometry. It contains the following components: <li>**MeshComponent**, specifying with mesh from the model it will show.</li><li>**MaterialComponent**. For every different material from the entity mesh, a component will be created.</li><li>**MeshRenderer** for rendering the geometry.</li></div>
| **Skin** | If the node contains a skinned mesh, it will have the same components of a normal *Mesh* node, but using **SkinnedMeshRenderer** component instead.

As you can see this, entity hierarchy mirrors the inner **Model** asset structure seen [here](index.md).

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/models/using_models.md, after:

# Using Models

![Models header](images/usingModels.jpg)

In this document, you will learn how to load and use **Models** in your applications.

## Load Model from Code
The following sample code can be used to instantiate an existing **Model** asset (`camera.fbx` in this case) into your scene, creating an entity hierarchy.

```csharp
protected override void CreateScene()
{
    var assetsService = Application.Current.Container.Resolve<AssetsService>();

    // Load Model assets
    Model cameraModel = assetsService.Load<Model>(EvergineContent.Models.Camera_fbx);

    // Apply to an entity
    Entity camera = cameraModel.InstantiateModelHierarchy(assetsService);

    // Alternatively, this method accepts the name of the root entity.
    Entity camera = cameraModel.InstantiateModelHierarchy("coolCamera", assetsService);

    // Add the entity into the scene.
    this.Managers.EntityManager.Add(camera);
}
```

## How to Create Models from Evergine Studio

To instantiate a **Model** into a **Scene**, simply drag the model asset from the *Asset Details Panel* into your **Scene**.

![Dragging a Model](images/DragModel.jpg)

This will instantiate a full hierarchy of entities into the **Scene**.

![New Model](images/NewModel.jpg)

The newly created hierarchy contains the following types of entities:

| Node Type | Description |
| --------- | --------------- |
| **Root**  | The root node of the hierarchy. If the model contains animation, this entity will contain the **Animation3D** component. |
| **Node**  | Nodes without geometry attached. They are empty entities with just a **Transform3D** with the specific position, scale, and orientation. |
| **Mesh**  | <div><p>Node that contains geometry. It includes the following components: <li>**MeshComponent**, specifying which mesh from the model will be shown.</li><li>**MaterialComponent**. For every different material from the entity mesh, a component will be created.</li><li>**MeshRenderer** for rendering the geometry.</li></div> |
| **Skin**  | If the node contains a skinned mesh, it will have the same components as a normal *Mesh* node but will use the **SkinnedMeshRenderer** component instead. |

As you can see, this entity hierarchy mirrors the inner **Model** asset structure seen [here](index.md).
