manual/graphics/low_level_api/graphicscontext.md, before:

# GraphicsContext

The GraphicsContext is the central class for displaying your application. It's used to create and manage graphic resources.

Like the majority of Low-level-API classes, GraphicsContext is an abstract class that exposes common functionality of each graphics API (e.g. DirectX, Vulkan, Metal...). To use this API just need to create or get access to the GraphicsContext instance indicating the properly implementation depending of which graphic backend are you interested.

In the following example, we are creating a DirectX11 GraphicsContext:

```csharp
var graphicsContext = new Evergine.DirectX11.DX11GraphicsContext();
```

Use the specify constructor to initialize a concrete graphics API.

| API        | Class                       |
| ---------- | --------------------------- |
| DirectX 11 | `new DX11GraphicsContext()` |
| DirectX 12 | `new DX12GraphicsContext()` |
| Vulkan     | `new VKGraphicsContext()`   |
| OpenGL     | `new GLGraphicsContext()`   |
| Metal      | `new MTLGraphicsContext()`  |

## Initialize the Device

Once you have created the Graphics context, in order to create resources and render your content, you need to create the graphics device:

```csharp
graphicsContext.CreateDevice();
```

### Validation Layer

To enable debug graphics mode you must added the ValidationLayer object to the device constructor, this will show you the native and internal errors:

```csharp
// Add a ValidationLayer instance in the CreateDevice invocation...
graphicsContext.CreateDevice(new ValidationLayer());
```

By default, the ValidationLayer use exception to notify any issue, but it is possible to change it:

| Notify Method | Declaration                                               | Description                                                         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Exception** | `new ValidationLayer()`                                   | Throws exception with each internal error and stop the execution.   |
| **Trace**     | `new ValidationLayer(ValidationLayer.NotifyMethod.Trace)` | Display all errors in console without stopping the execution        |
| **Event**     | `new ValidationLayer(ValidationLayer.NotifyMethod.Event)` | The ValidationLayer.Error event allow to obtains the error messages |

## Initialize Swapchain

Once you have the GraphicsContext you can use it to create the swapchain and use it to render on a surface.

```csharp
// Create a windows...
var windowSystem = new Evergine.WindowsForms.FormsWindowsSystem();
var window = windowSystem.CreateWindow(windowsTitle, width, height);

// Create a swapchain descriptor and assign the surface info...
var swapChainDescriptor = new SwapChainDescription()
{
    Width = window.Width,
    Height = window.Height,
    SurfaceInfo = info,
    ColorTargetFormat = PixelFormat.R8G8B8A8_UNorm,
    ColorTargetFlags = TextureFlags.RenderTarget | TextureFlags.ShaderResource,
    DepthStencilTargetFormat = PixelFormat.D24_UNorm_S8_UInt,
    DepthStencilTargetFlags = TextureFlags.DepthStencil,
    SampleCount = this.SampleCount,
    IsWindowed = true,
    RefreshRate = 60,
    SurfaceInfo = window.SurfaceInfo
};

// Finally, create the swapchain...
var swapChain = this.graphicsContext.CreateSwapChain(swapChainDescriptor);
swapChain.VerticalSync = false;
```

To create the surface first you need to select an UI technology:

| UI                | Class                                           |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| **Windows Forms** | Evergine.Forms.FormsWindowsSystem               |
| **WPF**           | Evergine.WPF.WPFWindowsSystem                   |
| **SDL**           | Evergine.SDL.SDLWindowsSystem                   |
| **Android**       | Evergine.AndroidView.AndroidWindowsSystem       |
| **iOS**           | Evergine.iOSView.iOSWindowsSystem               |
| **UWP**           | Evergine.UWPView.UWPWindowsSystem               |
| **WinUI**         | Evergine.WinUI.WinUIWindowsSystem               |
| **MixedReality**  | Evergine.MixedReality.MixedRealityWindowsSystem |
| **Web**           | Evergine.Web.WebWindowsSystem                   |

## Create from scratch

Visit the [Low-Level test samples](https://github.com/evergineteam/LowLevelAPIDemo) to learn how to create an application from scratch using this cross-platform API.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/low_level_api/graphicscontext.md, after:

# GraphicsContext

The GraphicsContext is the central class for displaying your application. It's used to create and manage graphic resources.

Like the majority of Low-level-API classes, GraphicsContext is an abstract class that exposes the common functionality of each graphics API (e.g. DirectX, Vulkan, Metal...). To use this API, you just need to create or access the GraphicsContext instance, indicating the appropriate implementation depending on which graphic backend you are interested in.

In the following example, we are creating a DirectX11 GraphicsContext:

```csharp
var graphicsContext = new Evergine.DirectX11.DX11GraphicsContext();
```

Use the specified constructor to initialize a concrete graphics API.

| API        | Class                       |
| ---------- | --------------------------- |
| DirectX 11 | `new DX11GraphicsContext()` |
| DirectX 12 | `new DX12GraphicsContext()` |
| Vulkan     | `new VKGraphicsContext()`   |
| OpenGL     | `new GLGraphicsContext()`   |
| Metal      | `new MTLGraphicsContext()`  |

## Initialize the Device

Once you have created the GraphicsContext, to create resources and render your content, you need to create the graphics device:

```csharp
graphicsContext.CreateDevice();
```

### Validation Layer

To enable debug graphics mode, you must add the ValidationLayer object to the device constructor. This will show you the native and internal errors:

```csharp
// Add a ValidationLayer instance in the CreateDevice invocation...
graphicsContext.CreateDevice(new ValidationLayer());
```

By default, the ValidationLayer uses exceptions to notify any issue, but it is possible to change it:

| Notify Method | Declaration                                               | Description                                                         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Exception** | `new ValidationLayer()`                                   | Throws exceptions for each internal error and stops the execution.  |
| **Trace**     | `new ValidationLayer(ValidationLayer.NotifyMethod.Trace)` | Displays all errors in the console without stopping the execution.  |
| **Event**     | `new ValidationLayer(ValidationLayer.NotifyMethod.Event)` | The ValidationLayer.Error event allows you to obtain the error messages. |

## Initialize Swapchain

Once you have the GraphicsContext, you can use it to create the swapchain and render on a surface.

```csharp
// Create a window...
var windowSystem = new Evergine.WindowsForms.FormsWindowsSystem();
var window = windowSystem.CreateWindow(windowTitle, width, height);

// Create a swapchain descriptor and assign the surface info...
var swapChainDescriptor = new SwapChainDescription()
{
    Width = window.Width,
    Height = window.Height,
    SurfaceInfo = info,
    ColorTargetFormat = PixelFormat.R8G8B8A8_UNorm,
    ColorTargetFlags = TextureFlags.RenderTarget | TextureFlags.ShaderResource,
    DepthStencilTargetFormat = PixelFormat.D24_UNorm_S8_UInt,
    DepthStencilTargetFlags = TextureFlags.DepthStencil,
    SampleCount = this.SampleCount,
    IsWindowed = true,
    RefreshRate = 60,
    SurfaceInfo = window.SurfaceInfo
};

// Finally, create the swapchain...
var swapChain = this.graphicsContext.CreateSwapChain(swapChainDescriptor);
swapChain.VerticalSync = false;
```

To create the surface, first, you need to select a UI technology:

| UI                | Class                                           |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| **Windows Forms** | Evergine.Forms.FormsWindowsSystem               |
| **WPF**           | Evergine.WPF.WPFWindowsSystem                   |
| **SDL**           | Evergine.SDL.SDLWindowsSystem                   |
| **Android**       | Evergine.AndroidView.AndroidWindowsSystem       |
| **iOS**           | Evergine.iOSView.iOSWindowsSystem               |
| **UWP**           | Evergine.UWPView.UWPWindowsSystem               |
| **WinUI**         | Evergine.WinUI.WinUIWindowsSystem               |
| **MixedReality**  | Evergine.MixedReality.MixedRealityWindowsSystem |
| **Web**           | Evergine.Web.WebWindowsSystem                   |

## Create from scratch

Visit the [Low-Level test samples](https://github.com/evergineteam/LowLevelAPIDemo) to learn how to create an application from scratch using this cross-platform API.
