manual/graphics/low_level_api/index.md, before:

# Low-level API

---

![Graphics](images/low_level_api.png)

**Evergine** uses a custom low level graphics API to send commands to the GPU. 

This is a cross-platform agnostic library to run on top of DirectX, Vulkan, OpenGL and Metal. In this section we will take a look to all the classes and objects used by **Evergine** to share data with the GPU.
It is a new graphics API inspired on the latest advances on DirectX 12, Vulkan and Metal to get the maximum graphics performance when using once of this APIs but also with backward compatibility to support APIs like DirectX 11, OpenGL and WebGL. 

## In this section

* [GraphicsContext](graphicscontext.md)
* [ResourceFactory](resourcefactory.md)
* [Buffer](buffer.md)
* [Texture](texture.md)
* [Sampler](sampler.md)
* [Swapchain](swapchain.md)
* [Framebuffer](framebuffer.md)
* [QueryHeap](queryheap.md)
<!-- * [Shader](shader.md)
* [ResourceLayout](resourcelayout.md)
* [GraphicsPipeline](graphicspipeline.md)
* [ComputePipeline](computepipeline.md)
* [RayTracingPipeline](raytracingpipeline.md)
* [ResourceSet](resourceset.md)
* [CommandQueue](commandqueue.md)
* [CommandBuffer](commandbuffer.md) -->

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/low_level_api/index.md, after:

# Low-level API

---

![Graphics](images/low_level_api.png)

**Evergine** uses a custom low-level graphics API to send commands to the GPU.

This is a cross-platform agnostic library that runs on top of DirectX, Vulkan, OpenGL, and Metal. In this section, we will take a look at all the classes and objects used by **Evergine** to share data with the GPU. It is a new graphics API inspired by the latest advances in DirectX 12, Vulkan, and Metal to achieve the maximum graphics performance when using any of these APIs. It also maintains backward compatibility to support APIs like DirectX 11, OpenGL, and WebGL.

## In this section

* [GraphicsContext](graphicscontext.md)
* [ResourceFactory](resourcefactory.md)
* [Buffer](buffer.md)
* [Texture](texture.md)
* [Sampler](sampler.md)
* [Swapchain](swapchain.md)
* [Framebuffer](framebuffer.md)
* [QueryHeap](queryheap.md)
<!-- * [Shader](shader.md)
* [ResourceLayout](resourcelayout.md)
* [GraphicsPipeline](graphicspipeline.md)
* [ComputePipeline](computepipeline.md)
* [RayTracingPipeline](raytracingpipeline.md)
* [ResourceSet](resourceset.md)
* [CommandQueue](commandqueue.md)
* [CommandBuffer](commandbuffer.md) -->
