manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/default_postprocessing_graph/depth_of_field.md, before:

# Depth of Field (DoF)

The **Depth of Field (DoF)** effect tries to simulate the blur or *bokeh* observed in out-of-focus areas in the camera field of vision. The depth of field can be calculated based on focal length, distance to subject, the acceptable circle of confusion size, and aperture. A particular depth of field may be chosen for technical or artistic purposes.

![Depth of Field](images/DoF.jpg)

| Parameter  | Description |
| ---------- | ----------- |
| **Debug Mode** | Mode debug enabled draws red the nearest areas, green the focus areas and blue the farest areas. Only for debug proposes. | 
| **Focal Region** | Size of the focus area. |
| **Bokeh Shape** | Shape uses to simulate bokeh effect: _Circle_, _Pentagon_, _Hexagon_, _Heptagon_. |
| **Bokeh Size** | Size of the bokeh shapes. | 
| **Bokeh rotation** | Angle of the bokeh shapes. |
| **Near Fade Power** | Blur border size around the nearest areas.|

> [!Tip]
> The Focal Distance is a [Camera](../../cameras.md) parameter.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/default_postprocessing_graph/depth_of_field.md, after:

# Depth of Field (DoF)

The **Depth of Field (DoF)** effect simulates the blur or *bokeh* observed in out-of-focus areas in the camera's field of vision. The depth of field can be calculated based on focal length, distance to the subject, the acceptable circle of confusion size, and aperture. A specific depth of field may be chosen for technical or artistic purposes.

![Depth of Field](images/DoF.jpg)

| Parameter  | Description |
| ---------- | ----------- |
| **Debug Mode** | When enabled, debug mode highlights the nearest areas in red, the focus areas in green, and the farthest areas in blue. For debugging purposes only. | 
| **Focal Region** | Size of the focus area. |
| **Bokeh Shape** | Shape used to simulate the bokeh effect: _Circle_, _Pentagon_, _Hexagon_, _Heptagon_. |
| **Bokeh Size** | Size of the bokeh shapes. | 
| **Bokeh Rotation** | Angle of the bokeh shapes. |
| **Near Fade Power** | Blur border size around the nearest areas.|

> [!Tip]
> The Focal Distance is a [Camera](../../cameras.md) parameter.
