manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/default_postprocessing_graph/screen_space_ambient_occlusion.md, before:

# Screen Space Ambient Occlusion (SSAO)

The **Screen Space Ambient Occlusion (SSAO)** effect approximates Ambient Occlusion in realtime, as an image post-processing effect. It darkens creases, holes and surfaces that are close to each others. In real life, such areas tend to block out or occlude ambient light, hence they appear darker.

This effect uses the depth framebuffer data and throws several rays into a range in different directions from each pixel. If a ray hits with any geometry the pixel will become darker. The darkest pixel will be the one that all rays hit with something, and in the other part, the lightest pixel will occurs where all his rays didn't hit with anything.

![SSAO](images/SSAO.jpg)

In the above picture you can see first the scene without effect applied, then the scene with the SSAO output, and finally the blend combination between original render and SSAO output.

## SSAO Parameters

| Parameter  | Description |
| ---------- | ----------- |
| **SPP**        | Samples per pixel. |
| **Range**      | Range around the point using to calculate close geometries. |
| **Power**      | Amount of darkness |
| **Scale Bias** | --  |
| **Intensity**  | Intensity of the blend with render image. |

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/graphics/postprocessing_graph/default_postprocessing_graph/screen_space_ambient_occlusion.md, after:

# Screen Space Ambient Occlusion (SSAO)

The **Screen Space Ambient Occlusion (SSAO)** effect approximates Ambient Occlusion in real-time, as an image post-processing effect. It darkens creases, holes, and surfaces that are close to each other. In real life, such areas tend to block out or occlude ambient light, hence they appear darker.

This effect uses the depth framebuffer data and casts several rays in different directions from each pixel within a specified range. If a ray intersects with any geometry, the pixel will become darker. The darkest pixel will be the one where all rays intersect with something; conversely, the lightest pixel occurs where none of its rays intersect with anything.

![SSAO](images/SSAO.jpg)

In the above picture, you can see the scene without the effect applied first, then the scene with the SSAO output, and finally the blend combination between the original render and the SSAO output.

## SSAO Parameters

| Parameter    | Description                                          |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| **SPP**      | Samples per pixel.                                   |
| **Range**    | Range around the point used to calculate close geometries. |
| **Power**    | Amount of darkness.                                  |
| **Scale Bias** | --                                                 |
| **Intensity**| Intensity of the blend with the render image.        |
