manual/basics/application/index.md, before:

# Application

---

![Application Overview](images/evergine_overall.png)

In Evergine, the **Application** class is the entry point for your application. It contains all services and expose the application loop with `DrawFrame()` and `UpdateFrame()` cycles. 

Additionally, it offers the [**Container**](container.md) instance, that allows developer to register all Services and global functionality to be accessed and binded through the entire application (from Components, Scenes, Managers, etc...)

There can be only one instance of Application class in your Evergine project, and we treat it like a Singleton instance

| Static property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Application.Current` | **Static property** to access the current Application. It's the most common way to access to your application instance from every part of your Evergine classes. |


## In this section
* [Application Container](container.md)
* [Using Application](using_application.md)
* [ScreenContext Manager](screen_context_manager.md)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/basics/application/index.md, after:

# Application

---

![Application Overview](images/evergine_overall.png)

In Evergine, the **Application** class serves as the entry point for your application. It contains all services and exposes the application loop with `DrawFrame()` and `UpdateFrame()` cycles.

Additionally, it offers the [**Container**](container.md) instance, which allows developers to register all services and global functionality to be accessed and bound throughout the entire application (from components, scenes, managers, etc.).

There can be only one instance of the Application class in your Evergine project, and we treat it as a Singleton instance.

| Static Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Application.Current` | A **static property** to access the current Application. It is the most common way to access your application instance from any part of your Evergine classes. |

## In this section
* [Application Container](container.md)
* [Using Application](using_application.md)
* [ScreenContext Manager](screen_context_manager.md)
