manual/platforms/web/ops.md, before:

# Detailed information to develop & debug & deploy Evergine for the web

## Build

Use VS2022 or VSCode/Terminal. You can build and test only the client project (web), the server is only needed for publishing with compression (see below).

`dotnet build -c [Debug|Release] ./sample.web/sample.web.[Server.]csproj`

## Run

From VS2022 you can run the profile `sample.web[.Server]`. There is also an IIS Express profile for each cliente and server projects, but it is usually slower.

Additionally you can publish the app

`dotnet publish -c [Debug|Release] ./sample.web/sample.web.csproj`

and run the app by populating the folder `./sample.web/bin/[Debug|Release]/net6.0/publish/wwwroot`. In this second case we do recommend to use VSCode Live Server, instead of Fenix, as the second has known issues with Web Assembly.

### Debug

Debug is now possible from VS2022 by running the application in debug mode only on __Chrome__ browser.

## Publish with Compression

To publish the application with automatic compression (Brotli & GZip), the AspNetCore server is needed. Use VS2022 or from Terminal:

`dotnet publish -c Release -r win-x86 --self-contained ./sample.web.Server/sample.web.Server.csproj`

If done from terminal, you can publish the files in `sample.web.Server/bin/Release/net6.0/win-x86/publish` to an AspNetCore server, from VSCode or manually.

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/platforms/web/ops.md, after:

# Detailed Information to Develop, Debug, and Deploy Evergine for the Web

## Build

Use VS2022 or VSCode/Terminal. You can build and test only the client project (web); the server is only needed for publishing with compression (see below).

`dotnet build -c [Debug|Release] ./sample.web/sample.web.[Server.]csproj`

## Run

From VS2022, you can run the profile `sample.web[.Server]`. There is also an IIS Express profile for each client and server project, but it is usually slower.

Additionally, you can publish the app using the following command:

`dotnet publish -c [Debug|Release] ./sample.web/sample.web.csproj`

Then, run the app by populating the folder `./sample.web/bin/[Debug|Release]/net6.0/publish/wwwroot`. In this second case, we recommend using VSCode Live Server instead of Fenix, as the latter has known issues with Web Assembly.

### Debug

Debugging is now possible from VS2022 by running the application in debug mode only on the __Chrome__ browser.

## Publish with Compression

To publish the application with automatic compression (Brotli & GZip), the AspNetCore server is needed. Use VS2022 or Terminal:

`dotnet publish -c Release -r win-x86 --self-contained ./sample.web.Server/sample.web.Server.csproj`

If done from the terminal, you can publish the files in `sample.web.Server/bin/Release/net6.0/win-x86/publish` to an AspNetCore server, either from VSCode or manually.
