manual/evergine_launcher/samples_learning_support.md, before:

# Samples, Learning and Support

In Evergine launcher you can have access to learning and samples sections to learn more about how to use Evergine and the Support section in the case that you have doubts or need help with something.

## Samples

In this section, you can find an official Evergine sample collection. These samples are stored in GitHub so you can navigate through the collection and click on the _Web_ button to go to sample code in Github.

![Samples section](images/Samples.jpg)

## Learning

Here you can find the the Official Manual, the API Documentation, and the official Evergine Youtube Channel with useful resources. 

![Learning](images/Learning.jpg)

## Support

In this section you can find the **official Evergine support** that includes:
-  Comunity support where you can create a ticket and vote for existing tickets.
- **Priority support Portal** where you can create priority tickets that will be resolve in less to 48 hours for an Evergine team member (only available if you contract _Priorty Support_ service).
- **Access to Evergine Source code** (only available if you contract _Source Code Access_ service).

![Support](images/Support.jpg)

Commit message:

AI Improved documentation
commit 5a473faa8465fc68ae203e8c5713d6a608d37b59
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:58:46 2024 +0200

    AI Improved documentation files to test before merge.

commit 6c8160d15540c925eb2e047a2697f948f700c344
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 19:52:42 2024 +0200

    Default max_workers as 4, time in minutes if it is higher than 60 seconds, just show when a file is modify or not.

commit 9bdd7d13697441ae68f4ef72375c2d363d2e0cab
Author: David Ávila <davila@plainconcepts.com>
Date:   Mon Jul 8 11:05:39 2024 +0200

    Make doc grammar fixer parallel

commit e095f9c8bd44afbdb25d19101b75b9f043894191
Author: jcant0n <javiercantonferrero@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Jul 7 18:44:00 2024 +0200

    Checked that the python version should be 3.6 or higher, checked if the OpenAI python library is installed,

commit b2fbbbf3d3a6ba513ae2de196161fbc43d7928a0
Author: Sergio Escalada <sescalada@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 2 16:56:18 2024 +0200

    try again with just netstandard projects

manual/evergine_launcher/samples_learning_support.md, after:

# Samples, Learning, and Support

In the Evergine launcher, you can access the Learning and Samples sections to learn more about how to use Evergine. There is also a Support section for assistance if you have doubts or need help with something.

## Samples

In this section, you can find the official Evergine sample collection. These samples are stored on GitHub, and you can navigate through the collection and click on the _Web_ button to go to the sample code on GitHub.

![Samples section](images/Samples.jpg)

## Learning

Here you can find the Official Manual, the API Documentation, and the official Evergine YouTube Channel with useful resources.

![Learning](images/Learning.jpg)

## Support

In this section, you can find the **official Evergine support** that includes:
- Community support where you can create a ticket and vote for existing tickets.
- **Priority Support Portal** where you can create priority tickets that will be resolved in less than 48 hours by an Evergine team member (only available if you contract the _Priority Support_ service).
- **Access to Evergine Source Code** (only available if you contract the _Source Code Access_ service).

![Support](images/Support.jpg)
